Chapter 1

The Dragon Balls: Seven mystical spheres which, when brought together, summon forth a dragon capable of granting a single wish...
Ever since this power was discovered by a 16 year old girl named Bulma and her friend Goku, the Dragon Balls became a vital resource to our heroes. The sacred dragon Shenron was summoned numerous times on Earth, each time helping the planet's defenders against the many dangerous threats that arose.
Goku and his friends continued to grow in strength over the years, gaining incredible power as they defended the Earth against a multitude of evil beings from all across the universe. Finally, after decades of fighting for their own lives over and again -- during which time they defeated the Saiyans, Freeza's empire, the vile Cyborgs of Dr. Gero, and the evil djinn Majin Buu -- peace was finally restored on the Earth.
The defeat of Majin Buu gave way to this magnificent era of peace, leading Goku to Uub, the good-hearted reincarnation of Majin Buu, and his granddaughter Pan. Goku, knowing he wouldn't be alive forever, saw this as an opportunity to train both Uub and Pan to eventually take over his position as Earth's defenders. The future looked bright in the hands of Goku and his disciples.
Now, somewhere far, far away -- after twenty years of peace -- a new challenge looms on the horizon for our heroes...

Millions of light years from the Earth, somewhere in the North Galaxy, two planets moved rapidly and inexorably toward a sun -- as if on a collision course with the massive star. The imminent impact between them seemed inevitable. Just as the sun seemed to snap the two planets from their moons, a bright, blurry object appeared in the center -- seemingly out of nowhere amidst the chaos.
Upon its inception, the sun and the planets instantly resumed their places, as if nothing had even happened. The object, a tapered horizontal E-shaped spacecraft with five domes of glass, began to move through the vacuum of space. Whirring and emitting waves of energy, the object immediately bolted off to an unknown destination, flying at top speed.

Within the ship, specifically the central hub of the white armored vessel -- in the most prominent glass dome -- were small, feathered creatures. Their pointy ears and sharp beaks bobbed busily from side to side as they scurried about the cream-white control room, each working hard to maintain the proper functioning of their spaceship.
One among them peered closely at a small computer screen before raised his voice to report to his superior. The higher ranking creature, who was slightly larger in size, turned to him with a nod.
"Parallel universe #5098487923674," the officer began, "we've arrived at our destination."
¡°Deploy the scanners, then,¡± the superior replied, instinctively as if this was the hundredth time.
The creatures busily monitored their respective computers for the scan results, posting the most-important details of their discoveries up on the main view-screen. The vessel's main commander appeared in the room after a few moments, his arms crossed behind his back in dignified observation as he analyzed the data on screen. "Report," he said, continuing to eye the main monitor with interest.
"Several strong power levels detected," said one of the creatures. "They are all gathered on the same planet."
"The Earth?" the commander said aloud, as if he needed a confirmation of what he was reading on the screen.
"Yes, sir. The Earth, again. But these appear to be different from any of the others so far," the officer said to his commander, who'd just begun to move away.
"Very well... We'll invite them," replied the commander. "Let's go."


Chapter 2


The bright morning sun shone high in a cloudless sky, a sign of another great day for planet Earth. Busily scurrying through the kitchen of their simple city-house, two parents were preparing breakfast. "Pan," Son Gohan called out to his daughter, "breakfast is ready!"
¡°Is she up at least?¡± Videl, the man's wife, asked, placing one last box of cereal on the table.
Before Gohan could reply, the patter of footsteps came hurtling down the stairs from the second floor. The man grinned at the sight, readjusting his glasses with a small gesture.
'No doubt about it, she's awake,' Gohan inwardly chuckled.
The fourteen year old girl, dressed in a kimono and wearing a red stick on her back, had already bolted for the front door.
¡°Mom! Dad! I¡¯m heading out!¡±
¡°Hey! Where are you going dressed like that?¡± her mother intoned, raising an eyebrow.
¡°Grandpa promised that today I'm gonna get to train with Uub. Seriously, I am not gonna miss this!"
¡°You don¡¯t even know where they are,¡± Gohan replied, sipping on his drink.
But the orange liquid nearly bolted from his mouth a second later, at the sudden surge of a powerful ki signature. It was too far away to determine its exact position, but Gohan could definitely sense who it belonged to. And if he could detect it, so could Pan. The girl fired a mocking nod her father¡¯s way, bumping against him as she rushed outside¡ªthe door slamming behind her was almost enough to make her hesitate.
¡°I¡¯m off!¡± yelled the young Saiyan fighter.
¡°But...¡± her mother called out a second too late. She sighed in defeat, turning to her husband. ¡°That girl just does whatever she wants...¡±
Gohan nodded to her, but with an air of distraction. His mind was focused on following his daughter¡¯s energy as she flew. He¡¯d continue tracking her the entire flight, around ten minutes, just to be sure she arrived.
¡°Well, at least we don¡¯t have to worry about her safety, Videl,¡± Gohan said with a reassuring smile. ¡°She¡¯ll be with Dad, so there¡¯s really no danger. Well, apart from the normal aspects of training...¡±
¡°Gohan,¡± Videl replied, crossing her arms. ¡°You do realize she had class this morning! She¡¯s in high school now, the whole missing for training thing is starting to get old,¡± she argued, visibly upset.
¡°Ah, I wouldn¡¯t worry too much,¡± her husband answered with a gentle smile. ¡°Those classes are mostly remedial anyway, she¡¯ll catch up. And besides,¡± Gohan continued, rising from the table, ¡°even I missed a few years of study¡ªat the time I was even younger than her...¡±
Videl sighed, looking out the kitchen window almost longingly. Her young daughter could barely be seen in the distance, a faint speck on the horizon riding upon a yellow cloud.
¡°I still think we let her get away with too much¡­¡±
¡°Videl, dear, she¡¯s already an entire grade ahead of the other students. If there was a problem, trust me, I¡¯d insist she study. But the truth is, Pan¡¯s even more talented than I am.¡±
¡°It¡¯s a time of peace, though...¡± Videl replied, hands on her hips. ¡°Her priority should be her classes for the moment, while she practices martial arts in her spare time!¡±
¡°Honey, you¡¯re going to have to cut that out,¡± Gohan chuckled, smiling in recollection. ¡°You¡¯re starting to sound just like my mother.¡±
¡°Eh, I know,¡± Videl replied, seemingly agitated at herself¡ªshe certainly had not intended to become like Chi Chi. ¡°It's just... I want her to be able to get a really good job when she grows up. Fighting should be a hobby, something secondary...¡±
Gohan got up to move closer to his wife, placing his hand on her shoulder.
"That¡¯s just the way it is, Videl. There¡¯s really nothing we can do about it... She's been following in her grandfather¡¯s footsteps ever since she could walk. And besides, you worry too much. She might even grow up to be both the smartest and strongest one of us all."
¡°But Gohan, surely¡ª¡±
¡°If it'll make you feel better, I¡¯ll invite Dad over to dinner tonight.¡±
Videl's face brightened. ¡°That's a great idea!¡±
Suddenly gazing up at the wall clock, Gohan realized that he was running late to work¡ªsomething that had never happened in all his years.
¡°Go on, darling,¡± Videl said to her husband, following his eyes. ¡°You¡¯re gonna to be late.¡±

The thunderous booms of powerful blows echoed through an isolated mountainous region, reverberating through the pillars and plateaus. The shock waves produced could be felt through the ground for miles around, though there was nothing but deserted wasteland in each direction. Occasionally mixed in to the destructive background noise was the shout of battle cries. These were the screams of those pushing themselves to give their all, to fight with their full strength.
The commotion disturbing the mountainous landscape was, in fact, an incredible battle between two most exceptional warriors. The battle, which was a simple warm up match between the pair, was taking place at speeds unimaginable for the average human being. The quantity of power being emitted by the two of them must have been equivalent to at least a million humans.
After a few minutes of training, the two friends¡ªmaster and disciple¡ªtook a little break and began talking.
"I didn't sweat a single bead, sensei," Uub said, almost complaining about the ease of things. He was the younger of the two; brown skinned, dressed in a red-orange martial arts gi, and twenty years old. "I'm not even out of breath..."

"That's the point of interval training." His sensei Goku replied, scratching his head with one finger, slightly embarrassed. "The training methods you wanted to do would¡¯ve put the entire planet at risk."
Uub, now sitting on a nearby rock, took in the surrounding landscape that he and his sensei had been battling in.
"Yeah, this area has already gotten pretty pulverized from our brief bit of training, hasn't it?" he observed, noticing the various craters and shattered structures.
"Nah, don't worry. It wasn't our fight that caused all the damage here. Well... actually, maybe a little... Haha," Goku replied, having a brief flashback. "If I recall, this is the location where Vegeta and I first battled," he said to his disciple.
"Vegeta? Really!?" Uub exclaimed.
The young warrior, reincarnation of the mighty Majin Buu¡ªthe monster who¡¯d nearly destroyed the universe¡ªclosed his eyes and took in the landscape, trying to imagine what had undoubtedly been an epic duel nearly thirty years ago.
"Alright, so are you inspired now?¡± Goku said, standing up suddenly and clapping his hands. The boy nodded. ¡°Then let¡¯s get back at it!"
"Alright!" replied the young man, his voice renewed with enthusiasm.
"Good. This time, I¡¯m counting on you to surpass your current level! As usual, try to keep up."
Goku took his stance. With bent legs slightly spread apart and fists clenched, the Saiyan began summoning his power, refraining from his Super Saiyan transformation for the time being. A blue and white aura surrounded him and his hair flowed in the sudden wind he¡¯d created.
Opposite him, Uub began to power up as well, his cry louder and more sustained. A white aura instantly surrounded the boy.
"Push it, Uub! Go higher! Go further than you¨C"
The teacher was suddenly cut off by a surge of energy from Uub, who¡¯d emitted a slightly larger amount of power than before. Goku smiled, surprised.
"Good job, Uub. But,¡± he smirked, ¡°can you keep up with this?"
The blueish-white aura surrounding Goku suddenly flared alive with a golden hue, his hair shining along with it. His Super Saiyan eyes were greenish-blue as always. While the Saiyan¡¯s power had not increased too dramatically, it definitely put his strength above Uub's, who was only half as strong as Goku now. However, his master had taught him a useful technique for situations just like this, a technique that he immediately used.
Uub¡¯s muscles bulged and, with a roar, he yelled, "Kaioken!"
The white aura surrounding Uub went scarlet red. His muscles took more volume as his blood vessels swelled to allow faster blood flow. His strength multiplied, and before long it exceeded that of his master. Goku, who was not shaken, clenched his fists even harder and began to draw in more power. With another flash, his hair stood even further on end, leaving only a single lock over his forehead. His muscles had also increased in volume, and sporadic bolts of lightning crackled through his aura.
¡®Time for the next level...¡¯ Uub thought to himself.
Uub concentrated with his every effort as he passed through level after level of Kaioken. ¡°Times three... Four... Five...¡± He continued stage by stage without rushing.
This time, just as Goku wanted, Uub hoped to reach a higher level than he ever had before. For months on end he had hardened his body to be able to withstand higher levels of power.
Yes... This was it... This time for sure he¡¯d surprise his master! Just a little more effort and concentration and¡ª 'What the hell?' Uub thought suddenly, breaking his focus and power.
"Grandpa!"
"Hey, hey! I know that voice!" Goku said, releasing his power and looking up to the sky along with Uub.
The figure approaching them was a young girl of fourteen, clearing the last hundred meter gap between them at full speed. The quarter-saiyan adeptly navigated down to their position and jerked to a halt.
"Grandpa," Pan said, touching down with an angry look on her face. "You promised that you wouldn't start without me!"
"Sorry Pan! But we were ready to go and you still weren't here... But hey, tell me, why did you come on Kinto'un?"
Pan put her hands on her hips, closed her eyes, and tilted her head back, taking a position which showed that the answer was obvious. "Since I came here to train with you two I didn't want to waste any energy by flying."
"Ah, of course."
"Do you think she can keep up with us?" asked Uub with a smile as he approached.
"Of course I can! I don't bear the Son family name for nothing!" the young girl countered, then turning to her grandfather. "Grandpa, I saw Uub using the Kaioken! When are you going to teach it to me?"
"You don't need it, Pan, I've told you before. I only taught Uub because he can't turn into a Super Saiyan."
"But neither can I!" Pan said, clearly whining.
"Of course you can," replied Goku. "You just need to put in some more effort to get there."
"But... With the Kaioken I wouldn't need¡ª"
"Okay, okay," Goku interrupted, trying to change the subject, "we'll see later. For now let's take it slow with a small energy increase."
"But we just did that!" Uub interjected.
"I don¡¯t need to do that!" Pan said in agreement.
"Don't be silly," said Goku. "We'll train seriously, don't worry about that, but for now let's start with a little run."
"Okay..." sighed Pan and Uub simultaneously.
They were ready to follow Goku's lead when he suddenly stood up and began scanning the sky. He¡¯d felt something approaching their location, and it didn't take long before they saw what had puzzled Goku. A strange little robot was flying straight in their direction.

"What is it?" asked Uub.
"It looks kind of like one of Bulma's machines," Goku replied curiously.
The robot, which looked like a rocket propelled sphere with very short legs and one eye, came to a stop in front of the puzzled Earthlings. The craft emitted a low metallic sound and began to whistle like an old television. The single eye suddenly began to shine, and a hologram image displayed between Goku and the robot¡ªthe image of a Namekian.
"Mr. Piccolo?" Uub said in confusion, surprised by the image.
"No, it¡¯s not him,¡± Goku said, suddenly serious.
"Warriors of the Earth," began the Namekian, "you three have been chosen, based on the qualification that you are among the strongest fighters in this universe. Each of you are hereby invited to participate in the grandest martial arts tournament ever to be imagined."
"A tournament?" said Pan, obviously very interested in the idea.
"I wonder..." began Goku, before the Namekian continued.
"We look forward to greeting you in person at the palace of Kami-Sama."
When he finished, the hologram blurred before revealing the image of Piccolo.
"It's a long story," Piccolo said through the device, "but this is apparently no joke. I knew you¡¯d be all over something like this, Goku, so I allowed them to contact you. Make your way here and we¡¯ll discuss everything..."
The image disappeared, and the robot left as quickly as it came.
"Was that message intended for only the three of us?" asked Uub.
"I don't think so," replied Goku, turning to his two disciples. "He mentioned the strongest fighters in the universe. Surely that means he¡¯ll contact Vegeta and Gohan too."
"This is serious, isn't it?" asked Uub.
"We¡¯ll see. We shouldn't waste any time though. Hold onto me for instant transmission, and we'll pick up Gohan and the Briefs family along the way."
Uub placed a hand on Goku's shoulder while Pan clung onto his belt. Goku placed two fingers on his forehead and sought out Ki from the location of his son's house. He immediately felt Videl¡¯s ki signature and instantly beamed to that location, taking Uub and Pan with him. It took Goku only a minute to realize why he didn't feel the Ki of his son, which was easily a thousand times stronger than that of his wife. Gohan was away...
"He's at work, as usual," Videl said, after Goku quickly explained the situation.
"Well we just have to pick him up then, right, Grandpa!"
"Wait!" said Videl. "I want to come with you."
"Sure, come along!" said Goku. "I can feel Gohan's energy now, and he's on the move... Wow, even though he hasn¡¯t been training, Gohan's speed is impressive. He¡¯s something else."
"And Vegeta?" asked Pan.
A smile quickly spread across Goku's face. "You know, I have a feeling something like this will be right up his alley. We should get Goten and Trunks, while we're at it. They're both at home."
Pan sparkled with joy.
"Yes! It's been a while since I've seen Grandma! Hey! Should we get Grandpa Satan, too?"
"Well, I'm sure Buu got the message too. We'll probably run into him at the lookout. Alright guys, hang on!"
This time with Videl, Goku teleported everyone to Chi-Chi¡¯s. There, they found Goten and Trunks, the latter of which was visiting in order to avoid boredom at the Capsule Corporation. Goku briefly explained what little he knew about the situation to the two young fighters. He then asked everyone, along with Chi-Chi, who insisted on coming along, to hold onto him. With a quick flash he then teleported everyone to Dende¡¯s palace.
Unbeknownst to everyone, a small spherical robot appeared at the house of Goku only minutes later to bring the message to Goten and Trunks. The robot would return empty-handed...


Chapter 3

Translated by MikeysBoner(certified god) and Kakarotto Ka Power Level Kya Hai?

Nine years earlier, at the Palace of Kami-Sama...
While Piccolo and Dende were talking they suddenly felt three Ki approaching the palace. It was none other than Goku and Uub, as usual, and Goku's granddaughter Pan. Upon their arrival, Pan was visibly happy to be travelling with her grandfather. As for Uub, finding himself in such a holy place made him feel uncomfortable. Goku turned to the two Namekians.
"Vegeta isn't here yet?"
"No, you're the first," replied Piccolo with a smile on his face. "You intend to fight him again?"
"I hope so..." said Goku with a gleam in his eye.
"Hello!" exclaimed Pan as she landed towards the two Namekians.
Piccolo and Dende, surprised by the upbeat politeness of the child, replied almost timidly. Uub greeted them in a soft and respectful voice, bowing to them religiously. He was nervous to be face-to-face with the God of Earth.
"Hello Kami-sama... Hello, Mr. Piccolo." Uub said timidly.
The younger generation seemed to apply great respect to their elders... Which was far from Goku's case. Friends are never too far apart, and see each other regularly. Goku didn't have time for trivial greetings! Dende faced the two young warriors-to-be.
"Are you two also fighting?" He asked.
"N-no!" replied Uub hastily with a hint of panic in his voice. "I'm just here to watch."
"Me too!" Said Pan with a small jump of excitement. "I'm looking forward to this!"
A figure suddenly appeared from the heavens... Vegeta landed at the palace and headed immediately towards Goku.
"Are you ready to lose?" sneered Vegeta.
"Yeah, right! That would be one hell of a surprise!" replied Goku. "Shall we begin?"
"No," answered Vegeta. "I would rather your son be here."
"My son? You mean Gohan?"
"Obviously, Kakarotto!" Vegeta growled irritably.
"But why?"
"Do NOT argue! Teleport to him and bring him here, right now!"
"Um... Alright." Replied Goku. "I'll see what I can do..."
Goku then placed two fingers on his forehead and disappeared... Returning a few minutes later accompanied by Gohan, who was dressed in work clothes.
"Daddy!" exclaimed Pan, who was delighted to see her father.

"Pan?" Said Gohan, who was surprised to his daughter at the palace. "You're here too?"
"The Room of Spirit and Time might not function correctly with five people," noticed Piccolo.
"We know, but don't worry about it." Replied Goku.
Without hesitation, Vegeta walked swiftly past the group into the palace, much to the unease of Gohan.
"What? Vegeta? Why are you here?!" Exclaimed Gohan.
"I prefer it when they have no audience," said Dende. "When they fight in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber their fights only lasts a few seconds to us."
Piccolo was surprised at the remark. "What difference does it make?" He asked.
"Their power is so great that I'm always afraid they're going to destroy the room."
"I'm sure we can trust them." Said Piccolo. "Besides, Gohan is with them this time. I'm sure he wouldn't let anything like that happen."

Eleven year old Uub and five year old Pan were amazed at what was taking place before them. Two of the greatest warriors in the universe, Goku and Vegeta, fighting in front of their very eyes at Super Saiyan level two. Uub knew Goku was powerful since the first time he fought him at the Budokai, but he had never seen him show this level of power.
"How does Goku-Sensei expect me to become his replacement?" He thought to himself.
Beside him, Pan was very excited. She already loved fighting, and often thought back to her first time in the Budokai. The golden auras, the fire balls, and the roar of the strikes amused her greatly. She swung her fists and jumped often, encouraging her grandfather to do his best. Gohan, the last of the spectators, sat quietly on the entrance steps watching the fight. He now understood why Goku and Vegeta had asked for the Room of Spirit and Time to be improved. It was because the Earth had suffered great damage from Goku and Vegeta's battle years ago.
"They've improved a lot." Gohan said to himself. "Very impressive."
The fight lasted for a long time. After a while, Vegeta began to gain the upper-hand, and delivered more blows than he took. Goku was losing energy, and Vegeta blocked a fire ball from Goku without even flinching.
"Vegeta is overflowing with energy." Said Gohan. "But if dad loses it's only because..."
Vegeta powered down to Super Saiyan level one and stared straight into Goku's eyes. "Stop patronizing me, Kakarotto! You're obviously holding back!"
"I could go Super Saiyan three, I guess," replied Goku, "But the last time I did that the fight ended way too quickly. It wasn't interesting or fun at all. Besides, after all of this time shouldn't you have become a Super Saiyan three as well?"
Vegeta, whose clothes were torn from the battle, folded his arms across his chest. "Level three is useless. I intend to do much better. But if you hold back, I won't be able to."
"What could be better than having long hair and no eyebrows?" Goku asked humorously.
"It uses up too much energy." Said Vegeta. "It's powerful but far too limited. We must find a better solution."
"But to surpass level three wouldn't you have to master it first?" asked Goku skeptically.
"Perhaps." Said Vegeta. "But there happens to be a person in this very room who is stronger than level three... And even without a single transformation."
A pause then occured, and the two Saiyans turned to Gohan. Uub and Pan, who were on either side of Gohan, began to look at him as well. This made Gohan a little uncomfortable, and he suddenly began to feel heavy.
"That door is our only way out, Gohan." said Vegeta suddenly, holding his arm out in Gohan's direction. "You had better protect it."
"Vegeta, what are you doing!?" asked Goku while Vegeta continued to accumulate more power.
Vegeta ascended to Super Saiyan level two and a ball of energy began to form in his hands.
"Pan!" Shouted Gohan. "Get out of the way fast!"
For the first time Pan saw a seriousness in her father that she had never seen before.
"Big... Bang..." Vegeta began.
"Gohan!" Goku screamed.
"Attack... !" Vegeta finished.
The blast crashed into the hands of Gohan, who cried out as it hit, surrounding himself with a near translucent white aura. Gohan should have been knocked back by the sheer power of the blast, but his support was not in his feet, and he began to levitate to remain on the spot. His glasses shattered and his shirt tore apart around his body. 
The ground shook as the shock wave of the blast made two trips around the room, and an explosion of light surrounded the area. In spite of the amount of power, Gohan effectively stopped the blast. Apart from two yards of rubble left in the blast's wake, there was no damage, and smoke rose off of Gohan's unscathed hands. Gohan had not been hurt at all by the blast; there was no blood or even a single scratch on him.
"See, Kakarotto? That's the power I was talking about," said an exhausted Vegeta, whose hair faded back to black.
"Vegeta! You...You..." Gohan could not find the right words to say. He hesitated between pure anger and astonishment toward Vegeta's actions. "Is this why you asked me to come here!?" he asked.
"Don't be such a baby." Replied Vegeta, ignoring the question. "Piccolo will be able to fix your clothes when we return." Vegeta approached and placed a hand on Gohan's shoulder, much to the surprise of the half-Saiyan. "For over ten years I've dreamed of doing that." Said Vegeta. "Don't be angry with me."
"But Gohan has the powers of the Gods in him." Said Goku as he walked toward the two. "His strength has nothing to do with train-"
"We will cease combat." Said Vegeta, cutting Goku off. "I will never find a stronger opponent, so I will find the answers by myself."

Once they returned to the palace, Vegeta was ready to fly away when Gohan ran past Piccolo and Dende after him, who were both surprised to see Gohan in rags.
"Wait, Vegeta!" Gohan yelled, "Why did you do this? Sometimes I wonder what goes on in your head!"
Vegeta turned and looked at Gohan as if the answer was obvious.
"You work to expand your mind, to discover why atoms go bling and blong and what not," replied Vegeta. "I work to push the limits of the Saiyan warrior."
Vegeta turned to leave when Gohan stopped him by grabbing his shoulder with one hand, stunning the prince. Vegeta returned a gaze to Gohan, whose expression had suddenly became much harder.

"Vegeta." Said Gohan. "If you ever do that around my daughter again... I swear I'll kill you..."
"Noted," replied the prince with a smile.
Vegeta then flew away and quickly vanished from sight. Gohan watched him disappear, calmed himself, and turned around. "Bling... And blong?" He murmured to himself thoughtfully.
"Dad!" Said Pan, appearing behind her father and grabbing his arm. "I didn't know you were so strong!"
"Pan... You're not hurt are you?" asked Gohan with obvious concern.
"No way!" She replied. "You stopped the whole blast! I'm fine!"
Pan was really proud of her father at that moment. Her broad smile and admiring eyes spoke volumes about what she thought of him. Goku and Uub then arrived out of the palace and joined Gohan and Pan.
"Son Gohan... What power!" Exclaimed Uub. "I've never seen you in combat before!"
"Yeah, Gohan doesn't like fighting." Said Goku. "I'm proud of how strong he is, but he hasn't really trained since the fight with Cell... It's kind of a shame."
"Is he... Stronger than you?" Uub asked.
"He was ten years ago." Replied Goku. "Since then, Vegeta and I have trained extensively every day. Uub, you haven't seen my true power yet, nor have you seen Gohan's... But I can see you becoming as strong as him someday!"
"But..." Uub began. "When I see how strong the three of you are, I just can't see how I-"
"You have to trust in your power, Uub." Said Goku. "In ten years you could become stronger than all of us!"
Uub didn't have as much confidence in himself as his sensei did, but he vowed to try his hardest to become stronger.
"Come, Gohan," said Piccolo. "I'll fix up your clothes."
"Thanks Piccolo." Replied Gohan.
"Gohan..." said Goku as he approached Gohan, "Don't be mad at Vegeta."
"I'll try, dad. It just pisses me off that he put Pan in danger."
"C'mon!" replied Goku. "It was fun and no one got hurt!"
"Grandpa's right!" said Pan.
"You were really impressive, Mr. Gohan!" said Uub with encouragement.
"Okay..." Said Gohan. "Let's just forget about it."
Gohan flew from the palace calmly, but the image of Pan in danger still lingered in his mind. "Damn you, Vegeta..." he muttered under his breath.
Pan, who was (for once) more interested in her father than her grandfather, flew up behind him to fly home together...


Chapter 4

Translated by MikeysBoner(certified god) and Kakarotto Ka Power Level Kya Hai?

The memories of the events in the Room of Spirit and Time hung a smile on the face of Vegeta.
"There is only one way to see if you stayed the strongest of us, Gohan!"
"No chance, Vegeta." Replied Gohan. "I'm not like my father, I don't get carried away with words. I'll be a spectator."
"I hope I'll be up to Goku-sensei's expectations," said Uub, "and I hope to get to impress Gohan and Vegeta-san."
Probably out of apprehension, Goku put a reassuring hand on the shoulder of his pupil. "Don't worry, Uub. I believe you'll pull through just fine."
Uub felt blood rush to his cheeks. "I'll do my best."
"And Grandpa Satan?" asked Pan. "He didn't come..."
"You could always go see him and ask him directly," offered Goku.
Pan stood up enthusiastically. "Are you coming with me ?"
"Sorry, Pan," replied Goku, "You have to go alone this time. I want to go see someone before leaving for the tournament."
"Okay, well, I'm going!"
"Pan wait!" Videl was too late. Pan knew to act very quickly at her age (to avoid being scolded). She spun at full speed toward Satan City. Normally, Pan would have been annoyed that her grandfather didn't want to accompany her, but this time she was full of joy because she got to see her other grandfather.
Gohan wrapped his arms around Videl's shoulders with a warm and reassuring gesture. "Don't worry, she¡¯ll be back in a few hours. Besides, at that speed I don't see what will be able to catch her! She risks nothing..."
Videl smiled. "I know, but she should still ask for a permission... She's still a little girl."
"See you in the morning." Said Goku. "Don't leave without me!"
Goku disappeared at such a quick rate that Uub didn't even have time to react. "Oh! Goku-sen... sei..."
It was obvious where Pan inherited her habits from. Her grandfather had taken off without notice to a destination known only to himself. How often had Chichi seen him disappear from the house for days or weeks at a time? Or even years? Since their marriage Chichi had finally grown tired of ranting about it. After all, he always returned... Even from the dead.
Bulma suddenly broke the silence that Goku imposed by his abrupt departure. "Well, I don't want to come with you, but I can still do something useful. I imagine that this tournament won't be a cakewalk... I'm going to make clothes that can absorb more shock..."
"Like back when the Cell Games began?" asked Vegeta.
"Absolutely." Replied Bulma. "It will probably take me all night, but I prefer to know that you guys are well equipped."
Chichi frowned. "I don't need you taking care of my husband! He has everything he needs at home... Gohan! Bring your father some clothes."
"I¡¯ll go do it." Replied Gohan.
"Wait, I'll come, too," said Videl.
"Goten," said Trunks, "we should find a deserted place to stay the night!"
"Good idea!" replied his best friend with a nod.
With that, Gohan, Videl, Trunks, and Goten flew off into two different directions, leaving only Vegeta.
"You find yourself alone," said Piccolo.
Vegeta looked him in the eye. "So what? Do you think that will prevent me from flattening all of them?"

Bulma hung herself on Vegeta¡¯s shoulders. "Will you bring me back home, dear?"
"If you insist..." sighed Vegeta. "And you, Bra?"
"I'm going to take a capsule and fly to Satan City." Replied his daughter.
"As you wish." Vegeta growled.
After leaving a capsule plane for her daughter, Bulma was carried away in the arms of her husband. "You know..." Said Bulma, tightening her grip and snuggling closer to Vegeta. "I intend to enjoy our last night together before you leave..."
"Idiot!" Replied Vegeta, blushing. "Say it in front of everyone, why don't you...!"

Kame House. For many, including Bra, it is isolated and empty of interest. For others, however, it is a warm paradise convenient to meet. For some, finally, it is the house that they call home.
Living on this small island for a century or two, Muten Roshi usually spent his time fishing on the back of his turtle, Umigame, or (especially) watching pretty women on the television doing gymnastics when he wasn't nose dived into his dirty, suggestive magazines. His behavior had not changed since he first met Goku and Kulilin, or when the latter had settled in permanently with his wife, #18, twenty-five years ago.
When Goku had arrived on the island via teleportation, he immediately heard Kulilin and Roshi vying about the same recurring theme they had for decades.

"No, it's not!" said the best friend of Goku.
"You have no orders to give me, rascal!" Retorted the old Turtle Hermit. "I am your master and you owe me some respect!"
"I've long since exceeded your power."
"It doesn't matter! I remain by far the oldest and just for that you owe me respect."
The old man sat up suddenly when he saw the Saiyan warrior. "Oh! Goku!"
Kulilin turned, surprised. "Goku?"
The Saiyan passed through the doorway of Kame House, showing a wide smile as usual.
"Hey guys!" greeted Goku with a wave of his hand.
Muten Roshi had felt him arrive. Matter of habit. Kulilin, on the other hand, sometimes lacked liveliness. Since his marriage, and especially the birth of his daughter, he maintained a constant vigilant attitude to allow himself a better understanding of his environment in order to detect possible danger.
Muten Roshi was happy and did not hesitate to tease his former pupil. "What brings you here? Stopping by to see if I'm still alive?"
A broad smile lit up Goku's face. "I've got big news! In a nutshell, I'm participating in a tournament between different universes. Since it reminded me of the old days, I came to see you're interested, Kulilin."
His old friend looked at him with interest. "Wait, wait, I want more details first. What is this tournament?"
"I wanna know, too." said Roshi.
Not having much choice, Goku explained as best he could what little he knew about the adventure to come.
Kulilin crossed his arms and thought for a moment.
"This tournament idea is really interesting!" said Muten Roshi. "However, the level could be very high..."
Kulilin became more serious. "This is way out of my league! It's been a long time since I've trained... But I can still come and support you!"
A female voice came out of nowhere. "Out of the question."
Marron had just arrived with her mother. Both were really beautiful and dressed with style, though maybe a little too rebellious in #18's case. Her age never seemed to betray her beauty. Being a cyborg had its advantages.
"Dad," said Marron, "you promised we would go shopping. You can't leave now!"
"Ah, I completely forgot."
Kulilin seemed sorry watching Goku. "I wish I could come... But..."
Goku laid a compassionate hand on the shoulder of his disappointed friend. "Don't worry, Kulilin. I'll tell you everything when I return."
"It should be at least as impressive as the Cell Games, right?"
"There's a good chance!" replied Goku with a smile. "I'm really looking forward to it."
Goku looked at his hand and made a balled fist gesture of strength before looking Kulilin in the eye. "It reminds me of our first tournament. Remember?"
Kulilin's face lit up. "Of course... How could I forget that? Good times..."
For hours the two friends happily reflected on their past. Over time, Goku was invited to eat and then sleep over at Kame House. Muten Roshi came to join in on the nostalgic conversation that lasted late into the night...

Miles away from Kame House: Satan City
Satan City was a big contrast to the small island where Kame House was located, with many high towers overlooking the typical hustle and bustle of city life. Satan City was named twenty-seven years ago after Earth's greatest hero's pseudo victory against the evil Cell. Obviously, only a privileged few knew the real truth, a handful of people that included Buu.
But now the hero of Earth has retired. He was indeed getting older. In fact, he often complained about back pains. Today was no exception. When Pan arrived at his villa in the heart of the city, he asked to Buu to use one of his tricks to help him.

The little girl threw her arms around her grandfather's neck. She couldn't stop talking. She gave all of the tournament details, raving about participating in such an event. Satan didn't completely understand the story, and it seemed pretty farfetched. But after all, the stories about the Saiyans seemed equally farfetched, so who was he to judge? Nevertheless, the smile of Pan, as she spoke, was indicative of his feelings. This beautiful enthusiasm was refreshing to see and hung a big smile under the champion's mustache... A smile that died quickly when she arrived at the true purpose of her visit. A silence settled for a few seconds before her grandfather came to respond. "Aaaarggghh, my back! It's my back again! It's getting worse! Aaaahh... It's impossible... I don't think I can go... What a shame!"
Pan was taken aback. "But grandpa..."
Buu put out a hand toward the old man, holding in the other a huge lollipop. "It's okay... I'll take care of you..."
"You're not gonna come either?" Asked Pan.
Another pause. Buu imagined himself as the winner of the tournament. If he were to win he could have an entire galaxy of candy all to himself. A huge smile filled his face before a voice ended his daydream. "Your delivery has arrived, sir."
A servant, dressed in all white, entered the room and bowed slightly. "My candy?" Asked Buu.
"Yes sir." Confirmed the servant. "Three truckloads of candy."
Buu's face lit up. "YAY! Yahoo hooo!"
It seemed evident to Pan that Buu would not enter the tournament. While Buu was going to begin devouring his candy, Pan asked her grandfather if they had not been visited by a small robot.
"Hmm." Satan reflected. "So that's what that was. We thought it was a new type of camera or spies who wanted to film us. Buu turned it into chocolate and ate it..."
Certainly Buu has not ceased to amaze the young girl...

The next morning, Goku was ready to leave. He was thoughtfully staring into the vastness of the ocean when Kulilin, along with #18, joined him to encourage him one last time before he left.
"So there's a reward?" asked #18.
"Yeah. I think it's a wish through the Namekian Dragon Balls..." Replied the Saiyan.
Kulilin threw a surprised look to his wife. "Would you be interested?"
Smiling, she turned away closing her eyes. "I have everything I need, right here."
She gently dropped a kiss on the cheek of her husband before returning home, leaving behind a small man whose modesty had scarlett red cheeks ablaze.
With a big smile, Goku placed two fingers on his forehead, looking at his friend. "See ya..."
Kulilin smiled, raising a thumbs-up to his friend. "I trust you... You'll win!"
The image of Goku's wide smile of confidence warmed the heart of Kulilin as his friend disappeared in an instant.

It was about ten o'clock in the morning when the serenity of the sanctuary of Dende, Kami-sama of the Earth, was broken. Gohan and Videl had arrived a few minutes earlier, flying slowly. The semi-scientific Saiyan was carrying a suitcase containing clothes for him, his brother Goten, and their father.
Dende welcomed them and they talked quietly, walking a bit while waiting.
The arrival of Vegeta and Bulma was surprising... The Prince of Saiyans had been driven by wife to the palace. Vegeta almost never travelled by airplane.
Vegeta was the first to exit the aircraft with his wealth of bad days and idle. Bulma appeared immediately after, cursing him... A small silver suitcase in hand.
"Vegeta! Should I remind you that YOU have to take it? I will not be your luggage-carrier!"
"We don't need it!" Growled the Prince of Saiyans.
"Vegeta!" Barked the blue-haired woman.
Vegeta gave a grunt with an annoyed facial expression. "Give me that!"
This dispute publicly embarrassed him, and he knew Bulma was stubborn... He grabbed the suitcase containing the capsules that Bulma had prepared with a sudden gesture that startled Bulma. Vegeta moved at a brisk pace toward the son of his greatest rival.
"Gohan," said Vegeta, "I have a mission for you."
Gohan was a little surprised. "What is it?"
"Take care of this." Ordered Vegeta, handing the suitcase over to Gohan.
"Vegeta!" Yelled Bulma further behind. "What do you think you're doing?"
"This kid isn't even participating," replied Vegeta turning to his wife, calmer than before, "he might as well make himself useful."
"VE - GE - TA!"
Gohan ran his hand through the handle of the suitcase to take it. "It's okay, Bulma. I don't mind..."
Bulma was annoyed. "But Gohan..."
"You were always too kind." Summed Piccolo behind his former pupil.
Gohan replied simply with a smile and a raised eyebrow in acceptance. Desiring to change the subject, Vegeta muttered aloud. "Trunks has no interest in being punctual!"
Piccolo answered almost ironically with a deep voice. "He's long gone with Goten! They went to take a shower..."
"Oh?" Said Bulma surprised. "For once he's up before his father?"
"He certainly didn't have a night to-"
Vegeta suddenly stopped himself, realizing that the explanation for his late awakening was likely to be embarrassing... He quickly concluded after a light groan. "Nevermind."
"The Vargas are here..." Informed Piccolo, raising eyes as his short antennae quivered.
All of the warriors heads rose together to watch as the ship of Vargas and Namekians came in for a landing...


Chapter 5

Translated by MikeysBoner(certified god) and Kakarotto Ka Power Level Kya Hai?

The approaching ship came in for a landing at the palace and instantly settled in front of the group of warriors. Goku had arrived by teleportation just as the ship came to a halt, and at that same moment Uub appeared out of the palace where he had spent the night.
An almost gentle, metallic buzzing sound could be heard as the airlock of the futuristic spaceship was released. Just then, a large, circular, levitating plate appeared from the hull and began to descend from the ship. On the plate stood a group of Namekians and Vargas, who touched down on the palace in front of our warriors.
Goku and his student had just joined the rest of the group when a small airplane came into sight above the palace, which circled a bit before landing close to Bulma. Bra then emerged from the plane and hastily turned it back into its capsule form. As soon as she joined the group, one of the Vargas began to speak. "Well... Is everyone here?"
Videl let out a long sigh and turned to her husband. "Pan hasn't arrived yet, Gohan..."
Out of reflex, Gohan looked down at his watch, still holding the suitcase which Vegeta had imposed on him. A smile filled his face. "Don't worry... She's almost here."
A large suitcase stood at Gohan's feet, which contained clothes for him, his brother, and his father.
"Hey, Bulma." Said Gohan. "Do you have an empty capsule by chance? I rank well in the bulky suitcase department..."
"Dammit... I should have thought about this." Said Bulma as she turned to her daughter. "Do you have one, sweetie?"
Bra replied with a sigh typical of adolescents who are asked for service. "Yes, mom..."
Bra had rushed to the palace because she thought she was late. Now she was agitated because she had to sacrifice the precious time she had gained to search for a stupid capsule that Bulma could have easily searched for herself...
Uub was lost in thought when from behind he felt someone place a hand on his shoulder. "So Uub... Are you ready?" Asked Goku with a huge smile.
Uub was startled and didn't know how to reply. "I-er. I... Think so." Stammered the young warrior. "I look forward to proving myself..."
As usual, his Saiyan mentor had nothing but reassurance to offer. "Nothing like a good tournament for that. There's no better way to experience the best fights. My duel against Tenshinhan happened at the Tenkaichi Budokai..."
Goku turned and met eyes with Piccolo. "Same thing with Piccolo. And I've yet to find more excitement than the Cell Games, not even against Frieza or Majin Buu."
The voice of Vegeta suddenly snapped curtly. "Kakarotto! Are you suggesting that our battles weren't-"
"Of course not!" Replied Goku, cutting off Vegeta. "It's always a pleasure to fight you, and our battles are irreplaceable... Each fight we have is an opporitunity to grow stronger, and I would do it everyday if it were possible... In fact, I'm starting to miss our battles..."
Vegeta was obviously satisfied with the anwer. "Just so you know, I intend to fill the gap between our power at the tournament..." he sneered with a gleam in his eye. "Don't worry!"
Gohan stood up suddenly with a pleased look on his face. "There you are, Pan!"
Pan had arrived at the back of Dende's palace. Setting foot on the ground, she walked around a little bit before picking up speed toward the main entrace of the palace. As she passed the main entrance, Trunks and Goten emerged without warning, and Pan and Goten collided hard.
"Ow, that hurt!" Said Pan, who was on her knees rubbing her head, one eye closed. "Uncle Goten! Be more careful!
"What!?" Replied Goten with a tone of reproach. "Clearly you were the one who was speeding! Why were you running so fast anyway?" Although Goten was agitated, he kept a friendly expression. After all, Pan was his favorite (and only) niece.
You know, Goten, she's right." Said Trunks with a chuckle. "Despite her speeding, we ran a red light."
"Huh..?" Replied Goten with a look of confusion.
Trunks waited in vain for his friend to get the joke. "Maybe I'll come back later with a better joke..."
A voice caught the attention of the small group. "Hey, kids!" Said Goku. "Lets go, move it!"
Goku waved a friendly gesture toward the Varga as he approached the ship.
"Jeez..." Goten gaunted as the trio joined the rest of the group. "He didn't need to shout so loudly!"
The participants and spectators took their places on the circular levitation plate while those staying behind wished them the best of luck. On the platform, Videl was concerned about the absence of her father.
"Your grandfather didn't want to come?" Videl asked Pan.
"No, he's still having problems with his back..."
Videl gave a small smile. "Ah yes, his back... What a shame..."
"Attention," said one of the Nameks, "we will soon be taking off."
Bulma shouted one last recommendation before the group left. "Good luck! And please be careful..."
A Namek reassured her with a smile full of warmth. "Don't worry, there¡¯s nothing can that the Dragon Balls can¡¯t fix... Besides, there's no reason for anything to go wrong anyway."
The circular plate buzzed and began to vibrate as it levitated the group into the ship. The plate finally reached the inside of the ship, revealing a single large, white, and almost empty room. The entire group observed their surroundings with curious eyes, but only Goku showed his astonishment. "Wow! It's awfully big in here... It must be convenient to train on long trips... This brings back memories."
"Well," said one of the Vargas, "we're all here, so we can take off. The rules will be explained on the mothership."
Outside, the ship lit up while those staying behind walked away, and quickly took off into the heavens where the orbiting mothership awaited them. Bulma watched the ship until it could no longer be seen, and immediately displayed sadness. "Well... Looks like I'm going home... By myself."
Dende tried his best to comfort her. "Don¡¯t worry. I won¡¯t hesitate to warn you if I have any bad news."
Bulma looked at him sympathetically. "Thanks , Dende. I know I can count on you."

Everyone on board felt a slight buzz followed by a strong click. The ship had docked perfectly with the mothership. A Varga invited all of the passengers into the larger ship via the circular levitation platform. Goku and Vegeta were the first ones out, disdaining the nervousness of all the others.
Goku, alone with Pan, walked around the large room with curiosity and amusement, while Piccolo and Vegeta, true to themselves, were still on the defensive. As for Uub, he could only mutter a quick "wow", noting with admiration the size of the large dome around their heads, which allowed him to gaze at the vast ocean of stars in space.
While everyone continued to take in the details of the ship, Goku impatiently asked one of the Vargas how long the trip was going to take, to which the Varga hastened to reassure him, "Not long at all. We will arrive at the tournament universe momentarily. We call this universe "Universe Zero". It's a universe with no life at all, so there is no chance to harm a life with the events of the tournament. Now, if you could gather your comrades we can enter the next room and discuss the rules of the tournament... And save your entries."
The rest of the passengers, including the other Vargas and the Nameks, turned to look with dismay at the noisy demonstrations of the enthusiastic Goku.
In no time, the group of warriors gathered and followed the small Varga through a long, white corridor. The long, bright corridor eventually led the group to a small and cramped room, in contrast to the vastness of the rest of the ship. The room contained a number of chairs, all facing a large blue screen filled with black, alien letters.
Gohan, who was sitting in the third row behind Goten and Trunks, broke the silence. "So... How long until we finally arrive?"
"In about ten minutes." Replied the Varga. "The engine will take care of the inter-universal travel while I explain the rules."
The Varga paused for a moment to allow everyone to get settled. This time allowed the ship's computer to translate the alien letters into a language that the participants of Universe 18 could understand. The Varga began to read, detailing when necessary, and answering any and all questions.
"How long do we have to enter the ring when we're called to fight?" Asked Trunks, who wondered if the time limit would hurt the amount of time it takes to fuse.
"Once you are called you have one hundred-twenty seconds to enter the ring." Replied the Varga. "If you exceed this limit you will be declared a forfeit."
"That's more than enough time." Whispered Goten to his friend.
"You are not allowed to fight outside of a match." Declared the Varga. "You cannot receive any external assistance during a fight, but you are allowed to enter the ring with any materials you would like, be it weapons or other."
"Ch! As if we need weapons," growled Vegeta.
"Um," the Varga continued, "you lose if you are unable to fight for thirty seconds, if you are knocked unconscious , immobilized, dead, or even invisible. Referees must have you in their line of sight at all times, and in this regard, I advise you not to move too close to your universe during a fight to avoid suspicion of cheating. I repeat, any outside help whatsoever is strictly prohibited."
"Are we allowed to abandon the fight?" Asked Uub with a raise of his hand.
"Of course. You are allowed to forfeit a match at any time. You also have no right to attack an opponent who has forfeited. If you do so, it is an automatic disqualification."
For once, Goku was attentive. "Can we know the limits of the ring? If any?"
"There's really not many... All movements are allowed during matches... It is recommended that you stay away from the spectators and the other competitors during your fight. You must also consider that if you move too far away from the ring to the point where you can no longer be seen that you would obviously be disqualified. It is best to keep the ring as your central battle zone. You will get a better understanding when you see the stadium."
At this point, the mothership began to roar and vibrate, and continued to do so for about ten seconds. When the tremors stopped, the Varga informed them that they had arrived at Universe Zero.
"Before departing, I'm going to need the identities of each participant." Said the Varga.
Goku gladly undertook the formality, stating the names of Uub, Vegeta, Gotenks, Pan... and Gohan. The mention of his name startled Gohan, and he immediately protested.
"W-what? Dad! You know that's out of the question!"
Goku didn't let up. "Well it would do you some good. You were fantastic against Cell and Majin Buu. I still see what you're capable of."
"No, I don't want to." Replied Gohan, who turned to the Varga. "Don't sign me up."
"No problem." Said the Varga. "So let me confirm, we have Goku, Uub, Vegeta, Gotenks, and Pan... Is that all?"
Everyone confirmed that the list was accurate.
"Okay, then we're ready to go."
The Varga then invited the group into a much larger room filled with huge windows that allowed everyone to see space, the stars, and a huge, grayish asteroid surrounded by many colorful moons.
"I thought there was nothing in this universe." Said Gohan.
"That is indeed the case." Replied the Varga. "What you see was created by us through our technology. See? We're approaching the stadium."

The mothership quickly approached the enormous stadium in which the tournament would be held. As the ship got closer, the warriors of Earth began to see many different types of ships stationed around the arena.
"If you would like specifics," began the Varga, "the arena is two-thousand feet in diameter and is eight-hundred meters at its highest point, which is at the top of the dome where the referees are located. The ring is that small planetoid that you see in the middle of the arena. It has a diameter slightly variable in reality, but roughly speaking, I would say it's about fifty meters."
"It looks like the planet of Kaio." Said Piccolo.
"I wonder what its gravity is..." Said Goku, who was growing more and more impatient.
"It is almost ten times that of your planet." Answered the Varga. "That is what it takes to compensate for the gravity of the asteroid."
"Artificial gravity." Thought Gohan. "This asteroid is too small to draw us."
During the approach phase of the mothership, Uub and Pan were amazed at the spectacle before their eyes. Bra, however, does not appear to share their enthusiasm. In fact, she found the design of the arena slightly outdated. As for Piccolo, he did not fail to notice Frieza's ship... But he was careful not to make a remark.
"Is there oxygen?" Asked Piccolo.
"Of course." The Varga replied. "We installed a system of gravity to maintain a breathable atmosphere on the surface. Within the asteroid, we have machines that produce what is necessary to breathe."
"Can we walk around the surface outside of the arena?" Asked Goku, who was still a fan of jogging.
"Yes of course. If you wish, you can walk anywhere you like."
"Cool!" Goku replied simply.
The ship finally landed outside of the stadium. When the engines stopped, a hatch opened up revealing the Varga in charge of Universe 18. The Varga walked out of the ship, followed by the Universe 18 group, who were all busy scanning everything they could see. A tournament in another universe! There was cause for celebration and ecstatic enthusiasm all at once!
"Universe 18..." Said the Varga. "This is where you enter. You are free to wander wherever you want, but please do not quarrel with the other universes. Remember that you only have two minutes to enter the ring when your name is called."
With that, the group finally approached the stadium. They followed a wide corridor with many doors on either side. Straight ahead of them was the inside of the stadium. Goku would have liked to run, but he managed to hold back.
"This is where you, the residents of Universe 18, will be living." Said the Varga. "There are rooms, beds, even a place to cook food if you need to... And now, finally, this is the combat arena!"
"Whoa! Fantastic!" exclaimed the Fighters in pure astonishment
Goku was finally in his element. From this vantage the stadium looked even bigger! The number of spectators was impressive, and easily exceeded ten-million. In addition, it appeared that there were many experienced martial artists present. Throughout this bunch of people, it was difficult for the warriors to experience any one particular Ki, even a Ki close to their vicinity.
"It's huge!" Said Videl to Gohan as Uub and Pan ran to the limits of their universe's space.
"It's too cool!" Said Pan enthusiastically.
The Varga began to speak in a slightly more serious tone. "You will probably meet people you know... Or at least think you know. Just remember that they come from entirely different universes from yours, and therefor... Don't be surprised. I will now leave and let you be... One last thing. The tournament could start anywhere from twenty minutes to two days. Everything will depend on how long it takes to fill up the remaining universe spaces"
"And for the draw?" Asked Goku again.
"The matches will be entirely random. An announcement will be made when that happens."
With that, the Varga left the group. Goku remained thoughtful for a moment. "Twenty minutes or two days... Hopefully only twenty minutes!"


Chapter 6

Translated by MikeysBoner(certified god) and Kakarotto Ka Power Level Kya Hai?

Observant as usual, Piccolo commented while noting the empty spaces. "So this space is reserved for us, the Universe 18. The tournament will surely begin when they fill the remaining spaces to our right."
Beside him, Gohan also commented. "So then the seventeen spaces to our left should already be-"
Gohan had stopped midway through his sentence. He was the first to look to their left and was amazed. "L-look! It's..."
Goku, beside him, and Vegeta, slightly behind, both turned their heads to look.
"Cell!" 
Goku was just as surprised as his son. The idea of alternate universes was quite vague, and he hadn't imagined such a thing could be possible. But there he was! Cell was right there, standing before them!
"You again," remarked the green creature, not really happy to see Goku and the others. He then thought to himself, "Here I am, surrounded by two Gohans..."
Cell was visibly identical to his Universe 18 counterpart during the Cell Games, in his perfect form. He stood directly in the middle of his space, arms folded. He waited patiently for his first match to be called. From their vantage, our heroes couldn't see the small, blue Cell Jr. standing between his legs, except for Piccolo, who was tall enough to catch a small glimpse.
"He knows us," observed Piccolo. "He certainly killed us in his universe and remained the strongest there."
"You're probably right," replied Goku, "but I don't think that's what he was talking about. Look!" he continued, pointing to the space numbered 16, "It's us!"
Behind Cell, Goku began to scan the Universe 16 space. He saw Gohan talking to Piccolo, then Trunks and Goten talking happily to each other, Videl, and Bra, who was leaning against the ark of their space's door.
"Let's explore the other groups!" proposed Trunks, jumping over the wall defining the Universe 18 space.
Goten followed immediately. He easily caught up with Trunks, who stopped three meters ahead, uttering a quiet "oh"...
Trunks had noticed his father... Or rather, an alter ego of his father from Universe 13. Wearing white Saiyan armor with gold epaulettes, a blue tunic, and a red cape, Prince Vegeta was accompanied by a larger, more muscular man to his right. Bald, wearing the same type of armor, but dressed in simple black shorts instead of a blue tunic, he seemed to sneer in his corner. Behind him was another person, with long black hair reaching down to his lower back, still wearing the same type of Saiyan armor, with a very unfriendly look on his face. He seemed to pay no attention to the childish remarks coming from his counterpart before him. The last warrior of the group... It was Goku! But his eyes spoke volumes about his nature. In fact, this Goku remained "Kakarotto" like Goku would have been if he had never hit his head as a child.
Universe 13's Prince Vegeta seemed to look to his left with disgust in his eyes. Trunks and Goten sought what he saw, and were soon to find out. In the Universe 12 space they saw no one, certainly its warriors were inside. They noticed Dabra in Universe 11. Universe 10 consisted of twenty people, Namekians and Saiyans. Universe 9, like the 12, had an empty space. As for Universe 8... They saw Freeza!
He was in his final form, but restricted, as he lacked the large muscles of his full power. He also wasn't half cybernetic. Trunks and Goten had easily recognized him; Bulma had shown them a picture of him in the past. While she was repairing #16 before the Cell Games, she had obtained all of the images within Dr. Gero's robot spy, including images of a cybernetic Freeza.
Freeza glanced over at the group of four Saiyans with a look of amusement on his face. There was no doubt that in his universe, he himself had killed Vegeta.
"There are many monsters here that our seniors fought in the past," said Trunks when his eyes came to a stop at Bojack in the Universe 6 space.
"Look, Majin Buu!" Said Goten, pointing at Universe 11's wing.
The pink, baby-faced, innocent looking djinn came out of the interior of space 11 to join Dabra. He was joined by none other than Babidi, still as ugly and wrinkled as ever, and Dabura.

"This brings back memories," reminisced Trunks as he observed them.
"It's the perfect occasion, man!" exclaimed his friend eagerly. "Gotenks will finally beat Majin Buu, once and for all!"
"It doesn't look like he's any stronger," said Trunks.
"Yes, and we're much stronger!" replied Goten. "We're not kids anymore!"
"We've got this!" They exclaimed in unison.
Behind the pair, Vegeta's eyes lingered for a moment on Universe 10's wing. Even at from that distance, he found himself... again. Despite the beard, he recognized himself easily by his haircut. Standing right behind him was his father, King Vegeta. Graying hair, hunched back... he looked like an old man.
"What did you see, Dad?" asked Bra behind him.
"Nothing. Nothing at all." Vegeta replied simply.
Vegeta walked a few feet away... It was not himself that bothered him... Not really. What bothered him was that in that universe, the Saiyans were still wearing primal clothes. Animal skins! These Saiyans were far from being technologically advanced. These Saiyans also all had tails, a feature that Vegeta, along with his alter ego of Universe 13, both lacked.
Gohan and Piccolo both noticed that Vegeta was rushing. They both looked over at Universe 10.
"There are two groups." Piccolo noted. "I sense the presence of Nail and other Nameks."
"This looks like a universe with no Freeza." Said Gohan. "They certainly can't turn into Super Saiyans."
Trunks suddenly had a realization. "Hey! That means my grandfather is there!"
Trunks shot Goten a glance. "Maybe... maybe mine's there too!" Said Goten. "Let's go!"
As the duo ran toward the space of Universe 10, Gohan called out behind them. "You're gonna try to talk to them? You'll be disappointed..."
Unlike his naive younger brother, Gohan had witnessed first-hand the brutality of the true blooded Saiyans, who were nothing at all like the quiet, composed Vegeta from Universe 18. Gohan remembered their violence and cruelty well. They didn't even care about killing their own family members...
Gohan turned to Bra. "What about you, Bra? You don't wanna go with your brother and Goten?"
"Huh? Have you seen their clothes?" Replied the girl haughtily. "I'm not gonna be seen hanging around them!"
"I forgot how picky you were about the way people dress," sighed Gohan.
Goten and Trunks passed closely to Freeza's space, but with all of the noise around them they couldn't hear any of the conversations taking place there.
"Saaaaaaiyans again." Freeza grumbled.
"It looks like we're missing in many universes," said his father, arms crossed just like his son. "This scum should be eliminated everywhere."
The father of Freeza was King Cold. He wore armor like that of the Saiyans, unlike his son, and wore a cape, trademark of sovereignty. He was also recognizable by his height and the horns on his head, which resembled Freeza's second form.
"All of this will change," said a purplish-white man, comparable in size to Freeza and probably from the same family, "be assured of that."
"What do you mean, Cooler?" asked Freeza without looking.
"Now that we found Nameks that grant wishes instead of letting themselves be killed..." Cooler began. "We're not going to miss that opporitunity! All of the universes will be ours."
Cold became both delighted and cruel. ¡°And every world within them. I see we have the same idea, my son. Hehehe."
Frieza, however, was a little worried. "Let's just hope that no universe contains the Super Saiyan of legend."
Frieza had always feared the Legendary Saiyan... Which is what brought him, in many different universes, to destroy planet Vegeta...

On the edge of the Universe 10 space, Trunks called out happily, "Hey! The King! Can I talk to you?"
"Who dares call for me like that?" Growled Vegeta behind his beard.
"Not you, stupid!" Replied Trunks. "It's your father I wanna see!"
"What!?" The King shouted. "You insult me, boy!?"
"Hey, keep it cool, old man." Said Trunks defensively. "In my dimension you're the Prince of Saiyans. So where is your father?"
"Hum. I don't want to know what happened in your universe, but my father, the previous King Vegeta, is right here." Vegeta said after taking two seconds to calm down, pointing a thumb at the old man that stood behind him.

The old, former King approached Goten and Trunks, just out of curiosity.
"Wow." Goten remarked. "You guys resemble each other a lot, despite the age difference."
"Say, are you rich?" Said Trunks. "I lead the largest company on my planet."
"Do you have a palace?" Asked Goten.
"How old are you?"
"Hmph!" scoffed the old King Vegeta, bombarded with questions.
"Hey, kids," Intervened one of the other Saiyans. "Calm down! The King isn't young enough for this!"
The old King Vegeta began to cough... Hard. So hard and so often that that the Saiyan who was defending him felt slighty embarassed, and remained at his side as if their presence would help...
In the Universe 18 space, Gohan and Piccolo watched the two half-Saiyans engage the group of Saiyans. This gave Gohan an idea, and he went to his father to tell him. "Dad... don't you want to meet your father?"
Goku was taken aback. "I don't know... He's not my father to me."
"Well maybe he wants to meet you!"
"I wouldn't even know what to say."
"So twisted..." Said Piccolo.
Piccolo began to slowly levitate, and he flew toward Universe 10's space. He flew over the primitive Saiyans, who wondered aloud what Piccolo was trying to do. Piccolo landed in front of the group of Namekians.
"Hello, Nail."
"You are a new group?" Asked Nail.
"A piece of advice," said Piccolo immediately, ignoring the rhetorical question, "be careful with these Saiyans... In our universe, they used to slaughter entire planets."
"Don't worry for now," replied the warrior who had fused with Piccolo in Universe 18 over thirty years earlier. "Ours don't have space technology."
"But..." Piccolo began, surprised. "Is there no Frieza in your universe?"
"Frieza?" Said Nail, who glanced at Universe 8. "We heard about him while traveling off of our planet to flee its cataclysm. Again, no worries. All of his family, that we see over there. was killed by a guy named Kaioshin."
"Kaioshin..?"
"The same one as the smallest of the gods we can see in the space of Universe 1, there." Said Nail, pointing to the five gods in the universe of the organizers.
These gods were easily recognizable. What is most noticeable at first glance is their hair, all the same: like a spiky crest on the skull. Only the hair of the goddess was slightly different, which reached down to her shoulder blades. They were all wearing earrings and the same type of serge.
The small man with the mustache, the oldest of the gods, had a lock of hair hanging over his forehead. He was easily recognizable by the mustache, as he was the only god who had one.
Between the small Kaioshin that Universe 18 was familiar with and the female Kaioshin of the west stood the greatest of the gods: the Kaioshin of the south. He stood over twice the size of the Varga that conversing with the group. He was imposing, and his build was somehow cut out for combat.
In contrast to the physically adept southern Kaioshin, Dai Kaioshin, leader of the Kaioshin, was more packed, smaller, but bigger, wider, and his arms were half as large as those of southern Kaioshin (or so). He also did not wear the same type of serge that his counterparts wore. One might think that his outfit was tailored specifically to be more comfortable. It was just a short jacket over his clothes, which were rather thin and flexible.
Finally, the smallest of the gods was tinged blue. He seemed to be the youngest, and not the strongest, either, in spite of the fact that it was he who defeated Frieza in that universe. Piccolo discovered that this Kaioshin was not as strong as the one from Universe 18 was during the events of Majin Buu... He began to imagine how the fight would have unfolded against the universal tyrant...

"I should go speak to them..." Said Piccolo to his old "friend".
"I feel like I know you... What is your name?" Asked Nail, very interested.
"Piccolo. Frieza attacked your planet in my universe and I found you dying. You decided to fuse with me so we could stand up to Frieza... For a small amount of time..."
"I see," said Nail, smiling. "That explains your power..."
While Trunks continued to question the old King Vegeta, Goten questioned one of the other Saiyan warriors. "I'm looking for someone specific! The father of... Er, Kakarotto!" He said, making an effort to remember the Saiyan name of his father.
"Kakarotto? Never heard of him." Answered the primitive Saiyan.
Gently pushing a Saiyan woman out of the way, a man had emerged from the crowd to respond to Goten. This man was of good musculature, had a scar across his cheek, and had a few scars across his chest. "I had a son named Kakarotto..." Replied the Saiyan. "But he is dead now."
"Whoa!" Said Goten upon seeing him, fists clenched with a look of delight on his face. "When I see that face I can tell it's you!"
"Me... What?" Replied the Saiyan, confused.
"Is your wife here?" Asked Goten. "Can I get a photo of you two? With me in the middle?"
"What's a "photo"?"
"Did you even bring a camera, Goten?" Trunks asked mischievously.
"Oh... Uh... Well, no... Damn time."
"Who are you?" Asked Baddack finally.
"We're your descendants." Said Trunks. "I'm the grand-son of King Vegeta."
"And I'm your grand-son." Said Goten to Baddack.
"So you brats are our descendants from another universe?" Asked the old King, annoyed.
"Yes!" Replied the two friends at the same time.
"Look." Said Trunks, as he pulled out one of the few family photos he owned from his wallet. "Here's my home, my mother, my sister, and my father, who is sulking because he doesn't like pictures. Finally, be noted that you look much better without a mustache..."
"Still insulting me!? You will regret ever being born!"
King Vegeta grumbled inwardly. Even in another universe he would allow his children to be so rude? It must be normal. After all, these were obviously "bastard" children.
"What a shame!" King Vegeta exclaimed. "You're not even real Saiyans!"
Vegeta's remark seemed very familiar to both of the half-Saiyans and Piccolo. This character reminded them of their Vegeta thirty years earlier.
"Oh please!" Replied Trunks. "The two of us could crush all of you easily!"
"Yeah!" Goten added. "Just give up!"
In front of the two half-Saiyans, the primitive Saiyans wondered if these kids were joking... Or if they really were that strong. Anyway, they were far from suspecting the existence of the several different levels of Saiyans...


Chapter 7

Translated by MikeysBoner(certified god) and Kakarotto Ka Power Level Kya Hai?

Piccolo continued his conversation with the Nail of Universe 10. "I feel that few universes contain Nameks," he said after a quick glance around the stadium.
"That's because our people do not differ much from one universe to another..." Nail replied. "But there are still variations, like Universes 1 and 7."
"The first universe?" asked Piccolo, perplexed. "The organizers?"
"Don¡¯t you feel it? They¡¯ve never experienced any type of disaster. They know nothing about the atrocities or struggles we faced."
"So the reason for organizing this tournament... Is so that the Nameks of the first universe could participate?"
"No," replied Nail. "It¡¯s my understanding that they¡¯ve unregistered since the discovery of Universe 7... Look over there..."

Casting his eyes to the space of Universe 7, Piccolo saw... A giant! A Namek greater than even Piccolo himself. He was leaning against a wall, eyes closed. His height exceeded that of the door! Was he no less than three meters tall? In any case, this Namek impressed with class, and his long cape helped to strengthen his presence.
"In order to stop Frieza," Nail continued, "all the Nameks in that universe merged into one being. A large, "super" Namek, and representing all of his people."
"A Super Namek..." Repeated Piccolo. Up until this point, Piccolo thought that he, himself, was a Super Namek. But this Universe 7 warrior brings a whole new meaning to the term.
"It worked very well," said Nail. "He easily crushed Frieza, but there was one drawback: his own Dragon Balls. After the fusion, they were left inert, and he could not create new ones. He then traveled through space in search of an equivalent. I think... We see the end of his journey here. The Dragon Balls of the other universes may be able to fulfil his wish."
Piccolo wondered what wish this super Namek could possibly want.
"During his odysseys he met many powerful creatures..." Nail continued. "He defeated a green lizard monster that threatened the galaxy, then a pink demon. In fact, both of those creatures are here from other universes."
"I think I know who you're talking about..."
"I believe he wants to wish to become his people again, as before the fusion. I think he will win this tournament."
Indeed, one could bet on him to give a good show. His Ki did not appear to be too huge, but no doubt he knew how to mask it. Piccolo was still stunned by this imposing warrior... If all of the Nameks became one, he was likely to be more powerful than him by far!
"Are you participating?" Asked Nail.
"No. In my world there are too many people more powerful than me. It would have been useless. Since you appear to be the strongest of your universe... I'm assuming you're registered?"
"Yes. Although this super Namek is mightier than me, and although the Ki of this Frieza and many others impresses me, I wish to go as far as I can, even if only to represent my universe. Three other Nameks registered with me." Nail said by designating a few other Nameks behind him.
"Oh! Cargot, I remember you," said Piccolo, recognizing Cargot thanks to the memories of Nail within him. "But... In my universe you had no real fighting abilities..."
"Yes, but I quickly changed." Replied Cargot. "I cannot remember why really, but the elder Nameks told me it was because of a whim."
"I see," said Piccolo. "Well, I wish you the best of luck anyway... All of you. But feel free to leave if it is to no avail. It is unnecessary to die for nothing."
All of the Nameks looked at each other for a moment before Nail answered with a smile. "Thank you for the advice, my friend. We will take it into consideration."

On the other side of Universe 10's space, Trunks and Goten had just about finished speaking with the Saiyans. They really had nothing to learn from them, so they left.
"Let's go back to our area," suggested Trunks.
With that, they headed back to space 18. Along the way they crossed paths with Goku, who seemed to heading towards the universe space they had just left. Before either could ask Goku what his intentions were, Goten became distracted by something more interesting. "Look, the participants of Universe 19 are already here!" He said, pointing at the space of Universe 19.
The fighters of Universe 19 were quite numerous. From a distance they all looked more or less the same. They all wore a type of armour, made of some type of metallic alloy that looked very resistant. They had what appeared to be weapons, and one of the fighters even seemed to have a rocket launcher on his back! Many of the fighters also wore unique helmets. Upon closer inspection, the warriors varied physically. Some big, some small, some with little armor, and some with much armor. One could also notice the haircut of the largest, which bristled back.
While Trunks and Goten jumped over the low wall into their universe's space, Goku came before his father of Universe 10, to which Piccolo was attentive toward the conversation about to unfold.
"We look very similar." Said Goku.

"Yeah." Replied Baddack simply, annoyed at having to meet another unknown person.
A silence settled for several long seconds...
"It seems my name was Kakarotto before, but I've never known. Since childhood I was called Son Goku."
"Yes, you look like Kakarotto. I'm Baddack." Said the father of Goku coldly.
"Hmm..." Said Goku, folding his arms.
Another pause...
"You don't look very strong..." Said Goku finally.
"What!?" Exclaimed Baddack. "You dare say that!? Since your birth I had to protect you, and your power was laughably ridiculous! I said, "Good riddance" the day you were finally killed!"
"Huh? Was I really that weak?"
"Worse..." Replied Baddack. "A Saiyan of low power from birth. Even your own brother was ashamed of you."
Goku showed a little grimace at the mention of his brother. When Goku had faced him, he was much weaker than him. But now...
So as Baddack said nothing, and did not seem willing to talk with his son from another universe, Goku departed, for he ultimately he also had nothing to say to this man that he would never know. Upon returning to his space with Piccolo, Goku saluted the warriors of Universe 19, and only one of the returned his hello. Suddenly, Pan called out to everyone, asking them to look at the space of Universe 20. The young girl was taken aback. "That's the fighter for Universe 20?"
Three Vargas and two Nameks were pushing along a levitation platform (Gohan wondered if it was anti-gravity or air cushion) on which lay a large block of ice that had been crudely cut.
"There's someone inside the ice." Goku specified.
Piccolo, with his piercing eyes, quickly discovered who it was. He did not think the revelation would trigger such panic. "Th-that's Broly!"
"What!?" Said Goku, Vegeta, and Gohan, amazed.
As Vegeta and Goku approached the space of Universe 20, followed soon after by Piccolo and Gohan, a Varga began to explain. "We found him frozen in the vacuum of space. If he is alive when his match is called, then he will participate."
"That's a very bad idea." Added one of the Nameks next to him, looking at the giant in the fetal position in the ice.
Goku could not help thinking as a drop of sweat ran down the side of his head, "How could they bring such a horrible monster here?"

"It's horrible!" Shouted Bra of Universe 18 with a voice that was almost too strident.
"Even you can feel how dangerous he is, Bra?" Asked Vegeta, happy in a way that his daughter can feel this kind of thing for once.
"What? No! But... Did you see his outfit?" Bra asked them taken aback, almost shocked, even. "Look at those bracelets on his arms. So corny! It's incredible!"
Vegeta didn't even bother answering to the remark... This kid was definitely very far from having the Saiyan spirit... Her mother's fault for sure!
The group of warriors from Universe 18 looked around and saw many horrible foes from their past. Their eyes fell first on Cell, who returned their look with a not so friendly smile, then onto Majin Buu of Universe 11, Frieza's Universe 8, and Bojack and Zangya's Universe 6. They even saw #17 and #18 smiling sadistically in their space, the same two cyborgs who had terrorized Future Trunks for many years...

"Oh man..." Said Trunks as he remembered the frigid beating he and Goten had taken from their fight with Broly in their youth (and "fight" is a big stretch, considering how badly they were beaten).
"Um, how about we leave?" Goten continued, following the idea of his best friend, also rather terrified of having to face Broly.
"Pansies," Vegeta retorted, "You registered as Gotenks. You should have no problem if you have to face him."
"Don't be so sure, Vegeta." Goku noted. "You forget that his power constantly increases every second! After twenty years, there's no telling how powerful he's become."
These words did not disturb Vegeta at all. "Now... I will crush him!"
"Don't be so sure of yourself..." Said Goku.
"You guys seem to know everyone here." Said Uub as the group returned to their space.
"Don't worry." Reassured his mentor. "Most of them are well below our level now. We will reenact legendary encounters!" "Especially against Broly..." He further thought.
Suddenly, a display of fireworks exploded in the sky, and a quick piece of music could be heard for a minute. It was a sign that the tournament was finally beginning! In the stands, the millions of people woke up in a single bound and roared.
Goku was more excited than ever due to the many martial arts fans, and could no longer wait for the battles to start. Uub, on the other hand, was rather nervous. Pan was too happy and impressed to be nervous, and her attention suddenly shifted to a small, disk shaped object flying over the small ring planet. On this object crouched a slightly small, green and blue creature, who had a head equipped with ten eyes and two vertical mouths. He spoke into two microphones at once, which he held in two of his four hands.

"Inhabitants of the Multiverse!" The creature began, his voice both grave and acute but perfectly audible and understandable resonating throughout the stadium.
The creature allowed a moment of silence. This single sentence had a strong effect on the audience! They shouted, whistled, howled, and even stamped their feet (or paws)! Goku had never seen a crowd so happy about the opening of a tournament (or a crowd so large, for that matter).
"Fans of martial arts and fighting in general!" He continued. "You are gathered here to witness the biggest tournament that has ever existed!"
Again, the cries of the millions of spectators filled the stadium, which covered the presenter's voice for several dozen seconds.
"You will witness the titanic battles of the strongest beings in the entire multiverse! Sixty-four fighters! Sixty-three fights in total! Twenty different universes! And, especially, one single winner!"
No doubt, this presenter knew how to get a crowd going! And not just the audience, as Goku found himself repeatedly saying "Go, go!" as he stamped his feet. But even if Goku had to wait, he had to admit that he loved the anticipation.
"All participants are present!" The presenter continued. "The draw has been made! It's only a matter of minutes! No, seconds! Everyone, give a quick thank you to the organizers of Universe 1, who created this tournament just for you guys! And to arbitrate these fights, myself and my twelve twin brothers will be your commentators!"
These brothers of his appeared around him in an instant. They all looked the same. Each of them greeted the audience, and each of them appeared to have the same voice, completely indistinguishable.
"It's finally time! Here is the first match of the tournament! I now call to the ring... (A moment of silence, the last, final moment of silence before the real start!) From Universe 13... Nappa!"
"Alright!¡± Nappa said. ¡°I¡¯m up first! Watch and learn, guys!"
"Against... Cargot of Universe 10!"
Nappa flew toward the ring... And Cargot did the same. Both fighters landed on the ring... The fight was about to start!


Chapter 8

Translated by MikeysBoner(certified god) and Kakarotto Ka Power Level Kya Hai?


The presenter's voice rang out once more into the audience. "Let the battle begin!"
Just as the presenter finished his sentence Nappa instantly charged at the Namek. The latter had already been in combat position, which enabled him to parry the first blow of the Saiyan warrior with his left forearm. The Namekian blocked the Saiyan's next two blows before attempting to counter with an uppercut, which failed when the bald colossus jumped backwards sharply.
Taking up a stable position, the Namek exhaled. His opponent quickly continued his assault, delivering a horizontal kick that the Namek parried with his elbow. The parry threw Nappa off balance, and Cargot hoped to benefit from the opening.
Cargot had advanced forward to return a blow, but was taken aback by the speed with which his opponent had recovered his balance. Nappa attacked yet again with flying fists. The Namek, who was nearly overwhelmed by his opponent, began to move backwards under the onslaught of violent blows from his opponent.
"You know," Nappa said quietly, not out of breath, "I killed all of your kind in my universe."
Cargot did not respond, though Nappa would have liked him to. The Saiyan wanted to destabilize him mentally, but Cargot was not fooled. He kept his composure as to continue parrying the blows of his opponent.
"That's none of my concern," he managed to say between two attacks.
In the stands, the audience did not know exactly who to cheer for. In general, they cheered for both fighters for putting on a great performance. Among Universe 10, the Nameks wished good luck to their comrade, while those of Universe 13 hoped the fight would end quickly instead of Nappa just playing around.
"This Nappa is much stronger than the one we knew," noticed Gohan of Universe 18.
"True," added his father, "but it's also apparent that he's aged considerably. His movements are fast enough, but they're a bit...stiff..."
"This Namek is also very strong," specified Piccolo, who watched the match very closely (after all, he had been killed by Nappa). "He is a warrior like Nail and myself. His strength doesn't seem that far from Nappa's... But..."
"Oooh!" said one of the presenters. "The warrior from Universe 13 takes the lead! His increasingly powerful blows are connecting with Cargot! Oh, Nappa just give Cargot a serious blow to the face!"
Spitting blood, Cargot began to seriously lose momentum and hardly attacked at all. He had no time to find an opening... "There!" he thought to himself when he finally noticed one.
Unfortunately for Cargot, Nappa had left this opening on purpose to fool his opponent, and landed a huge punch to the stomach of the Namek. Cargot stepped back, gasping. His eyes met those of his sneaky opponent just before Nappa landed a powerful kick that propelled him several meters away. Nappa looked at the lifeless body of his opponent and let out a small sigh... The Namek did not move.
"Took him long enough," growled Vegeta of Universe 13.
"And thirty seconds! Nappa is declared the winner!" said the host with an enthusiastic voice.
"Hahaha, that was nothing!" Nappa said before returning to his space. Two Nameks came to the ring to bring Cargot back to his space.
"Well," said the presenter, "it was a good fight, however quick it was! Without delay let us announce the second fight of the first round... Frieza of Universe 8 against Jeice of Universe 8!"

Jeece was stunned and exchanged a shocked look with his friend Butta. A drop of sweat ran down the forehead of the white haired, red skinned man as he wondered aloud. "We can fight even though we're from the same universe?"
He did not say that for himself. He was awaiting a response from the organizers confirming that it was a mistake.
"Fights are randomly chosen among all fighters," the presenter said into the microphone in order to clarify this point for everyone.
Frieza, who stood before Jeece and Butta, turned slightly to meet the gaze of his henchmen. The cruel leer of the galactic tyrant gave the courage of reason to Jeece. Clearing his face, he faltered. "Er... I forfeit."
He was booed by the spectators, who saw that the second fight had already ended. This time, they began to be disappointed. The presenter wasted no time to declare Frieza the winner by forfeit, and to announce the next fight: Son Goku of Universe 18 against Mahissu of Universe 10.
"Already? That was lucky!" said the Saiyan from Earth. "Let's go!"
As he flew toward the ring, he heard encouragement from Goten. On the other side of the world arena, his "primitive" Saiyan opponent was already waiting for him.
"That's not even a warm up..." Vegeta criticized.
"Vegeta, maybe they're stronger than people think," said Gohan, trying to convince him that the fight could be interesting, "maybe they hide their power like we do."
"Do you honestly believe that?" Vegeta responded.
"Well... No... But..."
"I've been around these types for a long time. Hiding one's power is a rare talent..."
"Both fighters are in the ring!" informed the host with a loud voice. "Let the fight begin!"

"You're a Saiyan?" asked Goku, slowly putting himself into position.
"I'm not talking to a renegade with no tail," replied his opponent, who remained upright and immobile.
"Not very friendly... But how did he guess I was a Saiyan? My hair? Or maybe he heard me talking to my father? Well... No need to use full strength... But he isn't human, either... Maybe a little strength!"
At the speed of light, Goku, smiling, threw his fist forward with force. Facing him, Mahissu barely had time to open his eyes before he felt a great force drive into his stomach which lifted him off of his feet and threw him back violently. Mahissu ricochet on the ground several times before coming to a stop, a trickle of drool at the corner of his mouth.
Surprised, Goku approached him and crouched alongside him. His opponent did not get up. "Are you okay?"
"S... Son Goku of Universe 18 wins!" stammered the presenter, incredulously.

The referees and organizers moved with slight discomfort. They had not expected three fights to end so quickly! The audience questioned what had happened. Some noticed that it was a type of air pressure, but began to grumble that they didn't get a good fight yet again.
In the Universe 19 space, one of the fighters had plainly seen what had happened thanks to the helmet on his head. The advanced technology had included information and slowed images. The only thing he managed to say at the time was "Powerful...!"
Back in the ring, Goku had gone idle, arms crossed. He had a feeling of d¨¦j¨¤ vu, but he could not put his finger on it. Two Namekian organizers brought Mahissu back to his space, dropping him gently on the ground. The Nameks and Saiyans of Universe 10, after witnessing the fights they had been in, began to wonder what they were doing at such a tournament. Vegeta of Universe 13 did not miss this opporitunity to belittle, calling them pathetic and low leveled.
"I forfeit." said one of the Universe 10 Nameks, before being joined by others.
"Hmph, cowards!" insulted the King Vegeta of Universe 10.
While Goku returned to his space, still trying to figure out his d¨¦j¨¤ vu moment, he saw Goten approach him with a thumbs-up. Behind him, Pan ran towards her grandfather, arms outstretched to take her in his arms. Uub congratulated his sensei on the win. Goku finally snapped his fingers and exclaimed. "Chichi!"
"What?" Uub asked, not understanding the sudden jubilation of his sensei.
As Goku began to explain his deja vu, the four Saiyans from Universe 13 approached their space...
The group from Universe 18 watched as these Saiyans approached them. It was the smallest of the group who spoke, arms crossed with an arrogant smile on his face. Vegeta of Universe 18 had felt a sense of d¨¦j¨¤ vu himself.

Finding this universe to be more interesting than Universe 10, Vegeta approached the group of Saiyans as his counterpart began to explain who they were. "We are the Super Saiyans, and I am the future winner of this tournament," he said, poiting a thumb at himself.
While almost everyone of Universe 18 gathered before the Saiyans, Vegeta continued. "Disregarding your ridiculous clothes, I¡¯d say you're the closest group to us, as you have Kakarotto with you... But... a Namek?! I guess you had a weird time fighting Frieza on Planet Namek, right?"
"Interesting," thought Vegeta of Universe 18. His counterpart had already given him a lot of information. In this universe he faced Frieza... But...
"Obviously we diverged before that," analyzed Piccolo, who had sought a quick scenario to explain the presence of Nappa, Raditz, and especially Goku. "Your Kakarotto was not sent to Earth as a baby, was he?"
While Goku was two feet from his counterpart, with only the low wall of his space separating them, Kakarotto replied proudly. "I was sent to Earth. I killed all of the humans and the others picked me up twenty years later. Together we went to Namek to find the Dragon Balls."
"He killed... All of the humans!" Goku repeated, shocked by his counterpart.
"And surely Kami-sama also," Piccolo said, guessing as to why Kakarotto had knowledge of the Dragon Balls.
"On Namek we fought and destroyed Frieza... I discovered the secret of the Super Saiyan there! What about you?" Vegeta of Universe 13 asked.
"To put it simply..." Goku began, ready to tell their story... From the very beginning!
"We were better," Vegeta of Universe 18 cut in.
He turned, ultimately more interested in this group. He guessed clearly how this group had survived for so long... But before leaving the conversation, he allowed himself one last remark. "Funny... While your Kakarotto killed all of the Earthlings, I killed Nappa on Earth."
"Impossible... You and I never went to Earth, only Raditz went there!" Replied Nappa, who was just as shocked as Goku before him.
While the small psychological battle was balanced by Universe 18 Vegeta, Piccolo hastened to add. "And I killed Raditz when he came to Earth. And inadvertently, our Kakarotto also..."
"Hehehe," Goku grinned, remembering his sacrifice.
"You killed me... How could you, vermin!" Raditz yelled after a slight moment of hesitation. To learn that he was killed, even in another universe, was not at all pleasing.

"Calm down, Raditz," ordered his chief. "We are not here to fight against them outside of the ring..."
A silence fell. Everyone was trying to discern the behavior of the other universe. Trunks and Goten felt a slight tension. Nothing serious, but it was a bit chilling, especially the Prince Vegeta... Trunks tried to change the subject. "These primitive Saiyans will be damn disappointed with their results."
Universe 13 Vegeta showed a sadistic smile again. "The funny thing will be Frieza. I look forward to killing him again."
"I think it would be a pleasure for many of the universes," Gohan intervened.
"Hey, I'll be the first to confront him in the second round," Nappa pointed out.
Gohan was attentive. "You think you can beat him?" He asked, interested.
"Of course!" Vegeta replied, annoyed. "What did you think, kid?"
"I don't know... In my universe, Frieza killed you, Vegeta."
"And in mine it was I who killed him!" replied Universe 13 Vegeta. "Was your Frieza stronger than ours? Or was I just weaker?"
Gohan did not know what to say... Using Universe 8 as a comparison, it would appear that Frieza is the same in every universe. How could this Vegeta have been stronger than the Universe 18 Vegeta if he had not faced Goku on Earth to recieve his near-death Zenkai power boost?
"Don't tire yourself," said Universe 13 Vegeta, who saw the perplexed look on Gohan's face. "I have another, simpler question: if Frieza killed me, who killed him?"
"I defeated him," replied Goku, finally joining the conversation.
"Ah! That's me!" Kakarotto repeated in front of him, rather proud and shot a small, mocking grin at his chief Vegeta... Who returned a look that said to stop the taunting, which Kakarotto did at once.
"I also transformed into a Super Saiyan against Frieza," Goku said.
"What got you so angry?" asked Vegeta, curious.
"Well..."
"Frieza killed his best friend, Kulilin," Goten cut in, who felt proud to tell his father's story. "He nearly killed Piccolo, too, but Piccolo isn't that weak now! He could crush Frieza easily!"
"Um, Kulilin..." Kakarotto reflected, folding his arms. "He was a bald dwarf, right? And Piccolo was, like, the Namek over there?"
"Yes," Goten simply said.
"Well, these two were on Earth and... Heh heh... I killed them both. Shocked?"
With these words, Kakarotto had hoped to take advantage of the psychological battle... But it was in vain. Gohan and Goten looked at each other. They had already realized that Kulilin and Piccolo were long since dead in Universe 13, making the mental attack ineffective. However, the two brothers had the same idea.
"You want to be shocked?" Gohan laughed with the same smile as Kakarotto.
"You will be shocked." Goten said finally, taking the same position.
"You are my father!" they shouted, both pointing a finger at Kakarotto, who was shocked and cringed, even opening his eyes a little.
Vegeta, Nappa, and Raditz all laughed hysterically. No doubt they could hear from afar, especially Nappa.
"Who would have thought Kakarotto could be a father?" Vegeta of Universe 13 said between laughs. "Imagine it, Kakarotto, you, a papa-hen! Haha!"
Bra, who had heard her alternate-universe father, advanced between Gohan and Goten. She looked at her brother before quickly saying, "You'd better hold your tongue too, Prince," emphasizing last part with as much malice and sarcasm as she could put into a single word.
"Yeah," said Trunks, "you're ultimately no better than him because..."
"You are our father!" the two siblings said in the same fashion as Gohan and Goten, pointing a finger each at Vegeta, who had stopped laughing immediately.

Vegeta did not know how to react to that. Counter-attack to stop their cackling, or just look at his children from another universe... And finally, he began to think that if the four of them did not have offspring, it would be the end of the Saiyan race in their universe...
The presenter's voice sounded again. "Sorry for the wait, ladies and gentlemen! Universe 10 had the most participants, and every Namek save for one just forfeited. We had to remove them from the roster, but we can finally continue!"
"Kakarotto, come, we're returning to our space," said Vegeta, who had already began to leave, followed closely by Nappa and Raditz.
"Okay," said Kakarotto, who turned to his Universe 18 counterpart. "I wonder which of us is the strongest... I'd love to fight against you. Much more than these losers!"
"We now call to the ring #17 of Universe 14 and I'K'L of Universe 15!"
"Ah, someone we don't know!" Goku exclaimed, trying to imagine the surprises of this I'K'L, "An interesting battle!"


Chapter 9

Translated by MikeysBoner(certified god) and Kakarotto Ka Power Level Kya Hai?


#17 of Universe 14 looked to his right at the space of Universe 15. There was one person standing there, a woman, dressed in a rather ridiculous fashion. She wore a kind of turban that clashed with the rest of her clothes and a cape that did not hide the tail sticking out of her back.
#17 then proceeded to detail her face. "Not much better," he thought. She seemed completely dumb-founded. A giant mole near her nose made her even uglier than she already seemed, her wide eyes with only two lashes, and her giant, gaping lips...
An amused smile spread across #17's face. "I'll still enjoy myself, even if she's repulsive."
"Wha... Already?" the curious warrior exclaimed.
#17 was astonished. What was the problem? Does the warrior not want to fight right now?
"But my I'K'L is not born yet!" the woman continued.
"Born?" What #17 had mistaken for a giant belly... actually contained a unborn creature, which only vaguely looked like a human. It also became apparent that the mother was not human either (while she turned, #17 could see her round, alien-looking ears), but she still looked similar. This creature developing in her womb, however, was completely... hideous.
"Please, allow me a few more hours!" the mother called out.
"Impossible," the presenter finally declared. "It's a forfeit."
The public passionately protested that the fight didn't take place.
"Well, that was quite easy." #17 boasted.
I'K'L's mother glared at him.
"One way or another it would have ended quickly," the cyborg continued. "You're fortunate that I didn't have to beat up your offspring."
With that, #17 joined his sister.
"Do you think this #17 is stronger than the one we fought in our universe?" Gohan asked.
"Who cares!?" Vegeta remarked. "Even if he were 3 times as strong as he was we would still crush him."
"I wouldn't know," said Goku. "I've never fought him."
"Dad, in the next round you¡¯ll finally fight #17!"
"Ah yes, it's true! I just hope he's strong enough..."
"If I recall, I remember Trunks saying that our androids were stronger than his." said Piccolo, rejoining the conversation.
"Yes, I remember." Gohan replied, nodding. "He even had a theory about it. His theory was that there is no such thing as infinite energy."
"So the more time that passes, the weaker they get... Logical." Piccolo replied, uncrossing his arms.
"Then what about Cell?" Vegeta asked out of curiosity.
The four of them turned to look at the space 17. Cell had not moved an inch since the beginning of the tournament.
"I guess Cell is a more complicated case..." Gohan replied. "We'll have to wait for his fight to measure him."
"Well, in any case I'm looking forward to fighting one of them in the next round!" Goku said with a renewed smile.
"Southern Kaioshin of Universe 1 against Butta of Universe 8!" the presenter suddenly declared.

Both of the warriors touched down on the ring. They were both very large, and almost to equal size with one another. If this were the smallest Kaioshin, the size difference might have amused the audience.
Butta placed his hands on his hips while his opponent stood straight, hands at his sides. The blue-skinned warrior hoped to win this match to bring back honor to the Ginyu Force after Jeece's bad luck... In retrospect, Butta was glad he wasn't in his place, but who cares! First, he needed to know his opponent's strength. In order to do so, he laid a finger on the button of the device on his ear. Some numbers appeared on the greenish screen covering his left eye. Butta laughed. "That's it? 500 units!? Haha! I'm at least a hundred times stronger than you! Haha! Also, I'm the fastest being in the universe, so you had better give up!" Butta finished by pointing his thumb at himself, one hand still on his hip.
"Really?" his opponent simply as he instantly disappeared.
Butta looked around, but in vain... Less than a second later his opponent was right in front of him.
"Well," said the Kaioshin in front of Butta, who retreated back out of shock. "I just ran around you one-hundred times! Do you think you're as fast?"
"I... I'm the fastest being in the universe!" stuttered the elite soldier while sweating profusely.
Butta had no time to say more, as his opponent disappeared yet again. He reappeared, his fist placed firmly into Butta's stomach... The god had knocked out his opponent with one strike despite the strong armor of the latter. Clearly, the strength of the Southern Kaioshin was not 500 units...
"The fastest, eh?" Southern Kaioshin repeated. "In your universe maybe."
About to pass out, Butta heard the remark and became enraged. Hands clutching his stomach, legs trembling, and a trickle of drool at the corner of his mouth, he managed to let out a last couple of words. "Im... Impossible... So fast..."
The Kaioshin, still facing his opponent, decided to launch one final reply with a smile. "I'm not the fastest. My build slows me down."
Butta could no longer move, and after a couple of seconds fell into unconsciousness. When he was declared the winner, Southern Kaioshin returned to his space. He was congratulated by his comrades, although they had been sure of victory from the start. The Southern Kaioshin did not pay attention; he preferred to focus on the identity of his next round. While the henchmen of Frieza fetched Butta, the warriors of our universe commented on Southern Kaioshin's performance.
"Haha, he beat him even quicker than I did," Goku said with a smile.
"The Kaioshin are not to be taken lightly," said Piccolo. "The Eastern Kaioshin killed Frieza in their universe."
"So he was actually stronger than the tyrant?" Vegeta retorted.
"And this Southern Kaioshin appears to be even stronger than him," replied Piccolo.
"I wonder if he's on the level of Super Saiyan 2..." Gohan wondered aloud.
"Impossible to know until we see him fight someone stronger," Goku said. "I'm actually a little disappointed that we didn't get the chance to see more..."
"We will, Dad," Gohan replied. "The weakest went first, but look! We still have Cell, Buu, Bojack, Broly..."
"Hmm..." Goku was not convinced. Bojack might not be that powerful... Cell could be good. Buu? His regenerative powers might make for an interesting fight... Broly's power depends on how long he was frozen... Goku just hoped that his power increase froze along with his body.
"Hey, just go ask Cell how he won," Goten suggested with a bit of hesitation. "It could at least give us an idea..."
Looking over at Cell, Gohan became curious. "If he died in his universe, would that mean he's stronger than a Super Saiyan 2?"
"Wanna go, Dad?" Goten asked.
"Sure, let's go. Gohan, you coming?"
"No thanks, I'm not interested," Gohan said, recalling all of the pain and suffering his friends went through at the hands of this creature and the death of his father, all thanks to his own mistakes.
Goku and Goten then headed toward Cell's space. Once they were at the edge of their space, just behind the wall that separates their area and Cell's, Cell looked directly at them...
"Cell," Goku began, "we would like to know what happened in your universe."
"I have nothing to say... I will not repeat myself."
"He must have spoken to our counterparts in Universe 16," Goten concluded, perceptive for once.
"Can you at least tell me if you killed me?" Goku insisted.
Cell smiled. "Who knows..."
"What about me?" Gohan asked, finally approaching. Curiosity prevailed over the contempt he felt toward the green creature.
"You..." Cell began. "You got me upset. You were nothing but a whining little kid."

Immediately, Gohan jumped over the barrier to see Cell face-to-face. He stopped less than a meter from Cell. Cell uncrossed his arms and held his gaze, while the Cell Jr. behind his legs stepped back.
"A whiner, eh? You know, in my universe it was I who killed you."
"Hm... Doesn't surprise me. The you from Universe 16 said the exact same thing," Cell said aloud. To himself, he thought, "I guess I should be wary..."
"I tried to push out your "hidden power" by killing all of your friends..." Cell continued. "But it didn't work. I was extremely disappointed, Gohan."
Gohan looked at Cell, surprised. This meant he was below Super Saiyan 2? The Cell Juniors would have killed everyone... His father, Trunks, Vegeta, Piccolo... Everyone. This would explain the presence of one of them along with Cell... Gohan, holding back the rising rage he felt, attempted one last time to gauge his power. "Have you faced anyone named Bojack?"
If Cell knew Bojack, it would mean that Goku sacrificed himself. The death of King Kai and the destruction of his planet would have freed Bojack, Zangya, Bujin, and the rest of his henchmen... It would also mean that Cell had fought Gohan's Super Saiyan 2, and that he had returned even stronger... But Cell frowned. "Bojack? Never heard of him."
"So can you tell us what you did after you killed us?" Goku asked, approaching as the Cell Jr. returned to snuggle against his "father".
"Oh, I vaguely remember watching my "children" destroy your planet," Cell said as he patted his Cell Jr. on his head. "It was quite amusing."
The Son family was taken aback by this almost paternal attitude. Not knowing what to say, they returned to their space without another word...


Chapter 10

Translated by MikeysBoner(certified god) and Kakarotto Ka Power Level Kya Hai?

"What a bore..."
Bra knew how to pass the time. She thought coming to an event like this could be fun... What a mistake. The first couple of battles were painfully boring. The public openly agreed, and the boos could be heard from every angle. It didn't help that the next match was slow to be announced. The organizers must have been talking amongst themselves... Lost in thought, Bra hardly noticed Pan trying to comfort her.
"When your brother or your father fight, it should be more interesting for you, right?"
"I don't know," simply replied the purple-haired girl.

Bra had never really been close friends with Pan... In fact, they saw each other rarely; only on occasions such as this or at reunions at the Capsule Corporation... The had played together a lot at one point in their lives, but their interests soon diverged; one wanted to fight, and the other preferred fashion.
Because of this, Bra had always found Pan's behavior and way of thinking to be immature. She found that even their physical differences influenced their way of thought. Bra, only two years older than Pan, was rather large and well formed. Pan was the size of a ten year old child at the most (according to Bulma). Moreover, she treated the fact that she wasn't "flat" as an excuse that "fighting was not compatible with feminism." Also, when you look at her mother, Videl...
"Hey, are you listening to me?"
"Yeah, yeah, I'm listening, Pan," Bra replied. "I was just lost in thought."
"So you weren't listening!"
"Umm..."
Bra rose. It had been about twenty minutes since they started this uninteresting conversation. That was enough!
"I'm gonna have a look around... You coming?" Bra asked, more out of politeness than from an actual desire to accompanied by her junior.
"No way," replied the little girl as she jumped up from the bench. "The fighting could resume at any second. I'm gonna join my mom."
Rarely, Videl would visit and speak to the Briefs family. It was more like the two girls were forced to talk to each other rather than having a real conversation. It must be confessed that Videl and her daughter were much better at fighting than gossiping!
Luckily, Gohan returned with his brother and father. Videl came to find her husband, who stopped walking to wait for his other two family members to join the rest of the group.
"Same as thirty years ago," Gohan replied. "I'm not even sure I learned anything about it."
"But you're stronger than him, right?" Pan asked, who had just joined her parents.
"Of course, no worries there," reassured her father with a gentle pat on her head.
Nearby, Goku repeated the conversation with Cell word-for-word to Vegeta and Piccolo, while Goten left the area with Trunks.
"I think he's mocking us," said the Saiyan Prince as his rival finished, arms crossed.
"Indeed," Piccolo replied. "This is a tricky case, don't forget. Everything he says could be a lie."
"I would've liked to learn more about him," Goku complained.
"Is the presence of Broly not enough for you?" the Namekian remarked, arms also crossed.
"He may just remain frozen..." Vegeta replied with little belief in his claim.
"While on the subject," said Piccolo, ignoring the complains of his former enemy, "I want to go talk to the organizers about him. He worries me..."
"You think you can do something about it? You?" Vegeta replied, surprised, with slight disdain in his voice.
"We¡¯ll see."
Without another word, Piccolo flew over to the space of Universe 20, where some Vargas and Nameks were busily tending to the block of ice containing Broly.
Gohan approached his father and Vegeta without Pan or Videl, who were speaking to each other. (Pan was telling Videl about how she was going to win her first match).
"Where¡¯s Piccolo?" Goku's oldest son asked.
"Talking to the Vargas about Broly," His father answered by simply looking.
"Oh... So what do you think of these Vargas?" questioned Gohan.
"I still don't trust them," Vegeta said quickly.
I like them myself," Goku answered. "Because of them, we get to participate in this amazing tournament!"
"I don't like the gathering of so many monsters," Gohan asserted, agreeing with Vegeta for once. "The Vargas definitely had a bad idea."
"You're too paranoid, Gohan," said his father, pointing at him. "It's not like you at all. Is there really anyone here who could pose a threat to us? That Universe 16 seems to be identical to us... If something bad happens, I'm sure good will prevail."
"I hope," Gohan simply said, turning his head to Pan.
Goku put his hand on the shoulder of his son. "Don't worry about it. But you know, if you're so worried, you could always participate..." Goku tried once again to persuade his son.
"Oh please, just stop, Dad!"
"I'm joking, I'm joking!" Goku laughed as he took a few steps back. "Hey, where's Uub?"
Eyes seeking his pupil, the teacher found him jogging past the space of Universe 15...

"Well... At least he's serious," Goku commented.
"Are you surprised?" Gohan asked. "He's your student."
"I must be a good teacher!" Goku joked. "Hmm... Universe 15. That's the universe of that "Icicle" person, right?"
"His name is I'K'L, Kakarotto. I'K'L," Vegeta sighed with a tinge of annoyance.
"But yes," Vegeta continued. "A new-born fighting in a tournament," he mocked, turning his head to look at space 15.
"This tournament just keeps getting stranger," said Gohan.
"He might just be incredibly strong at birth!" Goku hoped, jovial.
"Hmph, impossible!" Vegeta scoffed. "You know that even Broly was only 10,000 units at birth!"
"Oh," Goku said, slighty disappointed by his rival's remark. "You had never said it to us..."
"Want to go talk to him? Er... Her? I mean... It?" Gohan proposed.
"Can't hurt. " Goku replied.
"Alright, I'll go," said Gohan, turning to walk.
While Gohan left his space, he could hear Goku and Vegeta talking about what they would wish for if either of them won the tournament. He would have liked to hear their conversation a little more, but Videl stopped him to ask where he was going.
"I want to go talk to I'K'L. I mean, I'K'L's mother."
"Can I come with you?"
"Of course."
Together, Gohan and his wife walked toward the wall defining their area, where Trunks and Goten stood talking, pointing out the different universes and giving their own thoughts on each one.
"What are you guys up to?" Gohan asked as he jumped over the low wall.
"We're giving a prognosis," his brother replied. "Trying to rank all of the fighters."
Gohan was surprised that his brother even knew what "prognosis" meant. "So, what's your conclusion at the moment?" He asked as he politely helped his wife over the wall.
"Gotenks will kick ass, of course!" said the two young warriors together.
"What would you wish for, then?" Videl asked this time, still clinging to her husband's arm.
"Hmm. That's a good question," replied Trunks. "Goten, do you have any ideas?"
"Not really..." replied his best friend. "I haven't even thought about that..."
"We'll leave you here to think, then!"
Gohan and Videl continued their journey, leaving Trunks and Goten in thought like Vegeta and Goku.
"Shall we continue our grand tour?" Gohan's wife asked.
"Yes, of course."
Holding hands, Gohan and his wife slowly walked toward their destination. They discussed each universe they encountered along the way, starting with the 19th. They passed Uub along the way while crossing the space of Universe 2, of which all of its fighters were absent. Uub bowed without stopping, and the two lovers gave him a gesture of encouragement. Universes 3, 4, 5, 9, and 12 all seemed too empty...
Gohan gave his opinions on each universe he was familiar with. While passing Universe 14, they crossed paths with Bra, who looked as bored as ever and was walking in the opposite direction. They didn't say much to each other, but they all noticed the shy smile that Uub gave to Bra, who crossed them again while jogging.
After Uub passed them by, Videl noticed a smile on Bra's face, a smile that spoke volumes. Vegeta's daughter looked away and continued her journey. While Gohan and Videl finally arrived at space 15, Videl wondered if there was some sort of crush between Uub and Bra.
"They're young..." Gohan began. "Bra is pretty cute, it wouldn't surprise me."
"But Bra is more into fashion... and Uub is into fighting."
"Maybe she's into strong fighters? And I think it would be hard finding anyone stronger than him."
Squeezing her husband's arm a little harder, Videl snuggled against him. "That reminds me... Of twenty years ago..."
Gohan and Videl stopped just outside of Universe 15's space. While the mother of I'K'L looked at them, Gohan took Videl in his arms. Their eyes met, and seemed to commune... Finally, they brushed their lips together for a kiss; a kiss with the same fiery passion that has not changed for twenty years. After a few moments, when there seemed to be nothing else in the universe besides the two of them, Videl suddenly felt embarrassed. "She's staring at us..."
The lips of her husband left her so that he could turn his head and look. He turned his head and saw the woman of Universe 15.
"Hello!" Gohan said, raising his hand to greet her.
The woman did not respond or move, but her eyes hardened.
"Do you not know how to talk?" Gohan tried yet again to establish communication.
"Of course, I know how to talk!" the woman replied dryly.
She seemed very upset. "If my I'K'L was born," she went on, "then you would not want to talk to me! You would have realized the strength of my child and trembled!"
"Hm... A baby can't be that strong," Videl advanced with good reasoning.
"I cannot tolerate such nonsense from such a flat-chested lady," replied the woman.

"Me, flat!?" Videl said furiously, arms stretched along her body, fists clenched, and head bent slightly forward. "At least my chest doesn't hang past my stomach!" She retorted.
"You know nothing of real beauty," the woman simply replied.
Videl attempted to cross over into her space, but Gohan quickly stopped her by grabbing her shoulder.
"No. Drop it, Videl."
"But, Gohan! I'm not gonna-"
"Who cares what she thinks?" Gohan cut. "It's just one person's opinion. She doesn't want to be friendly, and we have no right to look for problems with the other competitors... Let's just drop it and go."
"Yes... You're right," Videl replied, calming down.
"Too bad... Another universe we learned nothing from," Gohan pensively said as the two of them were halfway back to their space.
"I'm sorry, Gohan. I got carried away."
"Don't worry about," Gohan replied. "If you didn't say anything back I surely would have."
Videl blushed. "Oh, Gohan..."
They arrived back at their space together with Uub, who continued his warm-ups. Gohan and Videl saw that Vegeta and Goku were arguing over the best possible wish.
"A giant cream puff!" Goku shouted.
"A sports car!" Vegeta replied, sweating.
"Uh... My cream puff is way more creative than your car. I win!" Goku said with a sense of triumph.
Vegeta growled... Even if this game was stupid, he would just lose. It was good in a sense, it actually suited him. It would prove that he doesn't mind losing as much as his rival.
"What are you two arguing about?" Videl asked.
"Well, we talked about what we would wish for, and Vegeta told me my idea was stupid. I said no, that his idea was worse, and gave an example."
"He provoked me," Vegeta followed, "telling me that I would never find a wish worse than mine. But after some reflection, I think I've found a wish that's much more stupid!"
"I see..." said Gohan. "Isn't all of this a bit... childish?"
"Say that again!" Vegeta screamed, but with no real anger.
A presenter suddenly cried into the four microphones he held in his four arms. His voice echoed loudly. ¡°The tournament continues, ladies and gentlemen! We now call Majin Buu of Universe 11 and Bujin of Universe 6 to the ring!"
